





美颜相机个人信息保护政策





Privacy Policy
Last Modified: 22 March 2022
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited ("we", "us" or "our") is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users ("users" or
        "you"). This Privacy Policy (this "Policy") is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store,
        use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller and/or
        business under applicable data protection laws during your use of BeautyCam application including all its
        features (the "Services").
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal
        information) collected or received by us when you are using the Services. In this Policy, "personal information"
        refers to any information or combination of information that can be used to identify, contact or locate an
        individual to whom the collected information pertains. Such personal information may include your name, gender,
        phone number, email address, date of birth, images, geo-location, personal identity number, identifiable
        biological information, and financial information (such as credit card or bank account number, WeChat Pay or
        Alipay account information).
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING,
        RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER
        PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO
        THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories of data (as specified at the time of
        collection). In the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able
        to complete the registration process or provide you with our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define
        a term in this Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of
        Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Data
        Protection Officer via email at compliance@meitu.com(please
            quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or via registered mail at Unit 8106B,
        Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal
        Department, Meitu).
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve the Services, we will collect and process your personal information and user
        information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be unable to provide
        you with our products or Services. You should ensure that all personal information and user information
        submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our
        inability to provide you with all or some of the Services.
The Information You Provide to Us
When you use the Services, we might recommend you sign up for an account to take full advantage of the Services
        and all their features. When you create an account, we will collect certain information that can be used to
        identify you or provide the Services to you, such as your name, username, gender, date of birth and mobile phone
        number and location.
Anyone can access our Services, but there are certain services that require a subscription fee, such as accessing
        to our premium content and enjoying advertisement privileges (the “Subscription
            Service”). If you choose to make a purchase on our Subscription Service, we will
        collect certain personally identifiable information, such as your device ID. A third-party app store or payment
        processor may collect your financial information (such as bank account information, WeChat Pay or Alipay account
        information) and billing address.
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect information about your device, including its
        International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI"), Unique Device Identifier
        (“UDID”)
        or Android ID, Universally Unique Identifier (“GUUID”), Identifier
        for Advertising ("IDFA") and Identifier for Vendor
        ("IDFV"), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier ("ICCID"),
        Media Access Control ("MAC") address, the type of device you use, operating
        system version, a list of mobile applications installed on your device and resolution, which will be used by us
        for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without limitation to improve our technical functionality,
        server load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize the Services
        and graphics adaptation.
We may send you push notifications on your mobile device from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive
        these types of communications, you may turn them off from your mobile device.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect your location-based information
        from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location
        Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services.
        Such software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the
        application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use the Services, we will collect information about the network you use, including the name of the
        operator and the type of network, so as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our
        users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the
        location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under which
        you prefer to use our Services. We may use such information to provide customized services, for example to
        provide you with location-based advertising through push-notification.
Location Information
We will collect your Location Information, including the country code, latitude and longitude, network location,
        IP address and the system country and system time zone recorded on your device. This information will help us
        understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our
        apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time geo-location where you take any
        photos or shoot any videos, send relevant advertisements to you, and improve the Services. Unless we obtain your
        consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided
        in this Policy, we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to
        allow us to collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access
        to information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some
        Location Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you
        using the Services.
Log Information
When you use some of the Services, including generating and browsing certain content, we will automatically
        collect certain relevant log information stored in BeautyCam ("Log Information").
        Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use the Services, (ii) device statistics,
        including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is used to
        improve the Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our service, you understand and agree that we must upload your
        photos to our server for processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of providing such
        service to you and continuous optimization and that we will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF
        data may contain GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information
        about the front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of
        further optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo effects to your equipment.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data.
        For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of the characters
        in photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and
        artificial intelligence. When you use the Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain
        features including precise "Facial Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags"
        and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features. We may use your photo metadata to
        provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your photos; we may also
        make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant products or services to you.
Face Recognition 
In order to provide the Services, apart from utilizing metadata as mentioned above, we use face recognition
        technology to recognize faces in photos and camera experiences. We may detect and use facial marks to provide
        face recognition contents and facial manipulation features. Our Services may utilize calculation results of
        ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping information, which may require to use your facial
        recognition features in order to ensure the face image processing effect and perform feature analysis using
        the algorithm. The information we collect cannot be used for identifying a specific person, and is used to
        provide the mentioned features only. When the content recommendation is finished or upon the closing of the
        application, the facial mapping information is discarded. This information is not shared with any
        third parties. 
We will neither use the results for other purposes, nor capture any data in the file nor upload data to the
        server for recording purposes.
Forum 
You should be aware that ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE IN A FORUM WILL BE MADE PUBLIC and may be
        read, collected, copied, distributed and used by others who access the forums, and may result in unsolicited
        messages from third parties and further distribution of such content or information. The activities of the third
        parties who collect your information from such publicly accessible forums are beyond our control. As such, you
        should not post sensitive personal information or any other information that you do not want to be made public.
        You can remove your personal information from these forums by yourself or by contacting us at compliance@meitu.com(please quote “BeautyCam”
            in your email title). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information
        from the forums, in which case, we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. However, please be aware
        that if a third party has collected or otherwise saved the information you have made public, we will not be able
        to assist you in removing or deleting that information from wherever the third party has stored or posted it.
    
Cookies
When you are using the Services, we or a third party designated by us will use cookies, tags and scripts to
        collect information for the purposes of analyzing trends, managing the Services, tracking users’ activity
        on the BeautyCam and collecting demographics on the user base. Information collected may include information
        about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit
        pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps, and clickstream data.
Advertising
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements within our Services, and may collect and use
        information about you such as your Advertising ID, geographic location and IP address for the purpose of
        delivering and tracking these advertisements. If your device does not have Advertising ID, we may use other
        persistent identifiers. We may also access your App list and collect the application package names of the
        applications installed on your device. We use the above information to help us better count, track and provide
        advertisements based on suitability, language, geographic location and other details. If you wish to opt out of
        interest-based advertising, you may opt out as your device permits. For more information, please contact us at
        compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam”
            in your email title). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of
        interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s Application Programming Interfaces (APIs)
        or Software Development Kits (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These third
        parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect and analyze user information. In addition,
        some third-party SDKs may allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content that is more
        relevant to you. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifiers, region (defined as
        the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address under their respective privacy
        policies. If you want to know more about such third parties, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam”
            in your email title).
User Data Supplementation
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties
        from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps
        us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products, services, and
        advertising that may be of interest to you. If you provide us with personal information about others, or if
        others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was
        provided to us. Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or
        purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include: Purchased
        marketing data about our customers from third parties that is combined with information we already have about
        you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
If you provide us any personal information of any third party, you shall obtain the consent of such third party
        for the collection, use and disclosure thereof by us in accordance with these purposes. You further represent
        and warrant that in relation to any such third party personal information that you provide, you have obtained
        such consent for such collection, use and disclosure by us.
Payment Processors
If you sign up through BeautyCam a Subscription Service to purchase premium content, a third-party app store or
        payment processor may receive, access or use your payment information (such as bank account information, WeChat
        Pay or Alipay account information) for the purpose of processing transactions and renewals. If you purchase
        content or sign up for Subscription Services through a third-party app store or a payment processor, you should
        refer to that third party’s terms for information on how it maintains and uses personal financial
        information for all purchases.
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your identity. For example, we may collect
        information on the type and version number of your operating system to better understand system upgrades, we may
        collect information on your system language for the purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App
        list to understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information, we will do so for the purpose of
        improving our Services provided to you.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user information and personal information for the
        following purposes:
(i) Services. To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our
        Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services provided through our products.
(ii) Statistical analysis. To develop and analyze statistics on the use of
        our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
(iii) To create an account. The personal information that we collect when
        you use or Services to create an account will be used by us to create your account and profile.
(iv) To facilitate your use of forums. Some of your user information may
        be used when we display your profile, when you interact with other users and when you publish forum posts on
        BeautyCam (if applicable).
(v) To provide location-based services. When you use our Services, we or
        third-party service providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising,
        the correct version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
(vi) To improve user experience. Certain optional features such as user
        experience programs allow us to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user
        experience.
(vii) To provide push services. Device information may be used by us to
        provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide
        notifications on new product releases.
(viii) To verify your identity. Verifying your identity using a text
        message when you log in to your account helps prevent unauthorized logins to your account.
(ix) To collect feedback from you. Your feedback is of great value in
        helping us to improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, we may collect and use the personal
        information provided by you such as your email to contact you and retain the records.
(x) Other purposes. We will collect, store, maintain and use information
        about you for purposes under the “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our
        operations, pursuing our legitimate interests (e.g., direct marketing, research (including marketing research),
        network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business
        activities. These services may include:

Fulfilling orders and delivering packages;
Providing you with advertising;
Payment processing;
Providing customer services;
Sending marketing communications;
Fulfilling subscription services;
Conducting research and analysis; and
Providing cloud computing infrastructure.

We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our service providers) your personal information
        in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
(i) protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii) preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii) safeguarding our legitimate rights and interests;
(iv) taking action in line with our purposes as described in the "The Information We Collect" or the “How
        We Use Information” sections;
(v) complying with laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities, law
        enforcement, or private parties, which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights,
        property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due
        diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where your
        information may be sold or transferred.
BASES FOR USING YOUR INFORMATION
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases and we typically rely on one of the
        following four legal bases: -

consent(where you have given consent);
contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, for example, to operate
            the site or deliver any services you have requested);
        
legitimate interests (for example we need to use your information to provide and improve our services,
            including protecting your account, providing customer support). We rely on our legitimate interests as our
            lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent
            or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law); and
        
legal obligations (to comply with the laws, rules and regulations or requests by government departments,
            judicial authorities or law enforcement).
        

If you have questions about the lawful bases on how we process your personal information, please contact us at
        compliance@meitu.com(please
            quote “BeautyCam” in your email title).
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain links to other websites and services. In addition, other websites and services may
        reference or link to our Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and we do not
        endorse or make any representations about third party websites or services. We encourage our users to read the
        privacy policies of each and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these other websites
        or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of
        information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your
        personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we take
        reasonable security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You understand
        and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept
        liability for unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the system and communication
        network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct
        your personal information or other personal information provided to us by you when using our Services. Before
        you access, update, correct or remove such personal information, we may verify your identity in order to protect
        the security of your account.
DATA RETENTION 
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        retain your information (including your personal information) for such period as is required for us to continue
        to provide you with our Services.
PRIVACY RIGHTS 
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are
        processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii)
        receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that
        information to another company (the “right to data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our
        uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or
        improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal
        information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
If you wish to exercise your rights, you may send an email tocompliance@meitu.com
        (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
        We will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving
        your email or mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal information thereafter,
        subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your
        identity before fulfilling your request. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal
        information, your use of some of our Services may be affected.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their
        rights conferred by the California Consumer Privacy Act.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from children under 16 (or any
        other age stipulated by law applicable to your region). If you are under 16, please do not send your personal
        information to us, including but not limited to your name, address, phone number or email address. If you
        believe we may have any information about children under 16, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com(please
        quote “BeautyCam” in your email title) or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International
        Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention:
        Legal Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal information from children under 16 (or any
        other age stipulated by law applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information
        and terminate the associated account.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by us may be transferred,
        processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, Singapore, China, the United States,
        the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our
        service providers, in order to provide the Services.
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know
        what categories of personal information we have collected about them:




Category of Personal Information


Collected by us?




Identifiers


Yes




Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)


Yes




Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law


Yes




Commercial information


Yes




Biometric information


No




Internet activity or electronic network activity information


Yes




Geolocation data


Yes




Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information


Yes




Professional or employment-related information


No




Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
                    Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))


No




Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile


Yes




The CCPA also provides California residents with the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal
        information. Under the CCPA, a “sale” is broadly defined as making available personal information to
        a third-party for valuable consideration. It does not necessarily mean money was exchanged for the transfer of
        personal information.
For purposes of the CCPA, a “sale” may include using targeted advertising services to deliver
        targeted advertising on the Services or other sites. Like most mobile applications, we use these services, which
        enable us to provide the Services and relevant offers to you. As a result, we may “sell” the
        following categories of personal information: identifiers (e.g., advertising IDs); internet activity;
        geolocation data; and inferences drawn to create a profile.
California residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information by turning off the
        switch next to “Do not sell my personal information”.
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free of charge with an opportunity to obtain
        a list of third parties to which we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information for
        their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are a resident of California and wish to obtain
        this list, you may send an email with the subject "BeautyCam - The right to privacy of a California
            resident" to compliance@meitu.com or
        send a registered mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong
        Kong(attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF NEVADA
Nevada residents may opt-out of the “sale” of their covered information by turning off the switch
        next to “Do not sell my personal information”.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of the Hong
        Kong Special Administrative Region of the
        People's Republic of China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder
        will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy
        complies with the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance
        with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and regulations or based on our business
        decisions, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes to this
        Policy on BeautyCam or notify you by other means as required by law.
FOR USERS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM
If you are in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United
        Kingdom (“UK”), we will not collect any of your information set
        forth above. However, we will process certain information related to your SIM card which enables us to verify
        whether you are in the EEA or the UK. We use this information to verify whether you are in the EEA or the UK and
        to prevent the processing operations outlined above. Where we are unable to collect such information, we will
        ask you whether you are in the EEA or the UK. The legal basis for the processing of this SIM card data or your
        answer to the question about your whereabouts is the performance of a contract with you (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b)
        of the Regulation (EU 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council) and UK General Data Protection
        Regulation (collectively “GDPR”). Without the provision of such data, we may not be able to provide
        you with any Services.
As we are located in the People’s Republic of China, we are required to transfer this information to the
        People’s Republic of China. Please be aware that the European Commission and the Information Commissioner’s
        Office have not issued an adequacy decision in relation to the People’s Republic of China.
We will retain this information for as long as needed to provide you with our Services.
Controller
The controller for the purposes of Art. 4 no. 7 GDPR with respect to the processing outlined in this Policy is
        Meitu (China) Limited, Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong
        Kong. You may contact us via registered mail at the above address (attention: Legal Department, Meitu) or via
        e-mail at compliance@meitu.com(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
            title.)
Representative
Our representative in the European Union and the UK is Rivacy GmbH and Rivacy Limited respectively. For users in
        the EEA you may contact our representative via e-mail at info@rivacy.eu or via registered
        mail at Rivacy GmbH, Mexikoring 33, 22297 Hamburg. For users in the UK, you may contact our representative via
        e-mail at info@rivacy.co.uk or via registered mail at Unit G1/G2, The Imperial Laundry,
        87 Warriner Gardens, London SW11 4DX, United Kingdom.
Your rights as a Data Subject
As a data subject in the EEA or the UK, you have the following rights with regard to the processing of your
        personal data:
Right of access 
As a data subject you have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether we are processing your personal
        data (Art. 15 para. 1 GDPR). If so, you also have the right to obtain access to the personal data and the
        information listed in Art. 15 para. 1 GDPR. This includes information regarding the purposes of the processing,
        the categories of personal data that are being processed and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom
        the personal data have been or will be disclosed.
Right to rectification 
As a data subject, you have the right to rectification set out in Art. 16 GDPR, i.e., to have your inaccurate
        data processed by us rectification and incomplete personal data completed.
Right to erasure (“right to be forgotten”)
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data and we are obliged to
        erase your personal data without undue delay when one of the reasons listed in Art. 17 para. 1 GDPR applies.
        This can be the case, for example, if personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for
        which they were collected or otherwise processed (Art. 17 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR).
If we have made the personal data public and are obliged to erase it, we are also obliged, taking account of
        available technology and the cost of implementation, to take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to
        inform controllers which are processing the personal data that you have requested the erasure by such
        controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of those personal data (Art. 17 para. 2 GDPR).
The right to be forgotten does not apply if the processing is necessary for one of the reasons listed in Art. 17
        para. 3 GDPR. This can be the case, for example, if the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal
        obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims (Art. 17 para. 3 lit. a) and e)
        GDPR).
Right to restriction of processing 
As a data subject, you have a right to obtain from us the restriction of processing if one of the conditions
        provided in Art. 18 para. 1 GDPR applies. This can be the case, for example, if you contest the accuracy of the
        personal data. In such a case, the restriction of processing lasts for a period that enables us to verify the
        accuracy of the personal data (Art. 18 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR).
Restriction means that stored personal data are marked with the goal of restricting their future processing (Art.
        4 para. 3 GDPR).
Right to data portability
As a data subject, you have a right to receive your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured,
        commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance
        from us if the processing is based on consent pursuant to point Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2
        lit. a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR and the processing is carried out by
        automated means (Art. 20 para. 1 GDPR).
In exercising your right to data portability, you also generally have the right to have your personal data
        transmitted directly from us to another controller if technically feasible (Art. 20 para. 2 GDPR).
Right to object 
As a data subject, you have a right to object under the conditions provided in Art. 21 GDPR.
Right to object on grounds relating to the particular situation of the data
        subject
As a data subject, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to
        processing of your personal data which is based on Art. 6 para. 1, lit. e) or f) GDPR including profiling based
        on those provisions.
To verify whether our processing is based on Art. 6 para. 1, lit. e) or f) GDPR, please refer to the sections
        “How We Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” of this Privacy Notice
        above.
In the event of an objection relating to your particular situation, we will no longer process your personal data
        unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights
        and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Right to object to direct marketing 
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to
        processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related
        to such direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we no longer process your personal data for these
        purposes.
Right to withdraw consent
Where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you have the right, pursuant to Art. 7 para.
        3 GDPR, to withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the legitimacy of
        the processing that occurred based on your consent until the withdrawal.
To verify whether our processing is based on consent pursuant to point Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR or Art. 9
        para. 2 lit. a) GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR please refer to the sections
        “How We Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” of this Privacy Notice
        above.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
As a data subject, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority under the conditions
        provided in Art. 57 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
Exercise of your rights under GDPR
As a data subject, you may exercise any of the rights listed above in accordance with the instructions and
        limitations set forth in the section “Privacy Rights” above.
Additional Information on Your Rights as a Data Subject
For further information on your rights as a data subject please refer to Art. 12 to 21 GDPR.
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure or
        suspension of use of your personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You may
        send your request by email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote “BeautyCam” in your email
            title) or by mail to Unit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West,
        Kowloon, Hong Kong (Attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN SOUTH KOREA
International Data Transfers
To provide our services to you, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and
        process it elsewhere.

Personal information transferred: please refer to the section “The Information We Collect” of
            this Privacy Notice above
        
Transfer date and method: transferred on submission for storage and processing
Country to which personal information is transferred: the People’s Republic of China
Retention of personal information: please refer to the section “Data Retention” of this Privacy
            Notice above
        

Also, we may transfer your personal information to the following third parties located outside of South
        Korea:




Identity of the recipient and contact information of Data Protection Office


Location of the recipient


Purpose of use of personal information by the recipient


Personal information to be transferred


Data and method of transfer


Period of retention and use of personal information by the recipient




Google Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
http://policies.google.com/privacy


USA


Subscription payment services and advertisement services


Region
User uid


Online transfer


For such period as stated in the privacy policy of the relevant third party recipient




Apple Inc
https://developer.apple.com/app-store/app-privacy-details/


USA


Subscription payment services and advertisement services


Region
User uid




Meta Platforms, Inc.
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php/


USA


Subscription payment services and advertisement services


Region
User uid




AppsFlyer Ltd.
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/


USA


Subscription payment services and advertisement services


Region
User uid




WeChat International Pte. Ltd., Tencent International Services Europe BV
https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html


China


Access to third party services in accordance with your request.


User alias, profile photo, gender, region




Tencent Holdings Ltd.
https://www.qq.com/yszc-en.htm


China


Access to third party services in accordance with your request.


User alias, profile photo, gender, region




Weibo Corporation
https://weibo.com/signup/v5/protocol


China


Access to third party services in accordance with your request.


User alias, profile photo, gender, region




Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure that the transfer complies with your local law
        so that your personal information is adequately protected. 
If you do not wish to have your personal information transferred outside of South Korea, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com (please quote
        “BeautyCam” in your email title) or mail your request to Unit 8106B, Level 81,
        International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
        We will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving
        your email or mail, and will not transfer your personal information, subject to certain exceptions
        prescribed by law. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your
        request. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of
        our Services may be affected.
Data Retention
Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will
        retain your information (including your personal information) for such period as is required for us to continue
        to provide you with our Services and destroy your personal information without delay when your personal
        information becomes unnecessary. When we destroy your personal information, we will take commercially reasonable
        and technically feasible measures to ensure the personal information is permanently deleted.
Department in Charge of Protecting Personal Information and Handling Complains 

Meitu (China) Limited
Attn: Legal DepartmentUnit 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre,
1 Austin Road West, Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Email: compliance@meitu.com(please quote “BeautyCam” in your email title)



        美颜相机个人信息保护政策
    

        最新修改日期：2022年4月20日
    

        厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司及其关联方（即“我们”）作为美颜相机的运营者，会严格按照法律的规定，保护您的个人信息以及隐私安全，本个人信息保护政策（“本政策”）旨在向您说明，在使用美颜相机APP（以下称“产品”或
        “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
    
导言

        我们重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息，在您下载、安装、开启、浏览、使用及注销（以下统称“使用”）美颜相机的全过程，均适用于本政策。美颜相机客户端、网站、相关微信小程序或美颜相机于第三方平台建立的应用等（统称“美颜相机平台”），均适用于本《个人信息保护政策》，但我们收使用、共享您的个人信息方式、类型将可能根据您选择的不同美颜相机平台而有所不同，在此基础上，我们承诺对您个人信息收集、使用的最大限度不超过本《个人信息保护政策》的范畴。同时，但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及个人信息保护政策。如果您使用美颜相机中的美图专业证件照服务，对于您个人信息的保护，请参阅美图专业证件照的《美图专业证件照个人信息保护政策》。

        下文将帮您详细了解我们如何收集、存储、使用、传输、提供、公开披露与保护个人信息；帮您了解查询、更正、补充、删除、复制、转移个人信息的方式。其中，有关您个人信息权益的重要内容已用加粗斜体形式提示，在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
    
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
（一）注册、登录及使用美图帐号


            1、在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个美图帐号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供手机号码（用于实名认证）并创建密码、昵称。
        

            2、关于美图帐号
            
                美图帐号可登录、使用美图公司旗下各APP（包括但不限于美图秀秀、美拍、美颜相机、海报工厂等），为满足您一致的服务体验，在您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时且自主选择使用已注册的美图帐号的，该美图帐号将会同步您的昵称、头像、地区、性别等您自主填写的公开信息；同步您的关注和粉丝等用户关系；同步您于美图社区发布的内容等。如您不希望上述内容被同步，请您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时选择其他注册、登录方式。
            


（二）用于实名认证

        当您在申请提现、借钱等其他需要实名认证的功能或服务时，为满足法律法规的合规需求或合同签署之目的，保障您的财产安全等，需要您提供真实身份信息（如真实姓名、身份证号码等）以完成实名认证，上述信息为敏感个人信息，我们会对此进行严格保密，并不会将上述信息用于其他目的。同时，您也可拒绝提供上述信息，这将导致您无法使用需要实名认证的特定功能，但不影响您继续使用美颜相机其他功能或服务。在完成实名认证过程中，为保证信息真实性，我们可能委托提供认证服务的第三方认证机构核验您提供的认证信息。
    
（三）向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障

        为保障您的帐号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会按照实现安全保障需求的一定频率收集您的设备信息，包括设备标识信息（指由设备制造商编入到设备以对其进行标识的一串字符，Android如IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID、VAID、AAID，iOS如IDFV、IDFA，本政策中所指的“设备标识信息”均同本定义）、硬件序列号、MAC地址。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的美颜相机APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用美颜相机相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
    
（四）向您提供其他相关产品功能和/或服务

        为实现以下各项产品功能和/或服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务。
    


            1、客户服务。当您向美颜相机提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供姓名、手机号码、电子邮件及其他有效的联系方式等个人信息。
            如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
        

            2、美颜记忆服务。当您登录使用并调整美颜相机的美颜参数，例如调整了磨皮、大眼等参数，我们会记录您的调整记录，以便下次登录使用时直接给您适合的匹配参数，方便您的使用。
        

            3、AI算法优化服务。当您使用相机和图片精修功能拍照时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的皮肤和五官参数，这是为了实现AI算法优化，更准确快速反馈检测报告，使用次数越多，AI算法优化效果越好。这类信息是为提供本服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
        

            4、iOS人脸优化处理效果。我们的服务可能会利用iOS的 ARKit 和 TrueDepth
            应用程序接口中人脸映像深度相关资讯运算结果，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
        

            5、问候服务：当您使用拍照功能时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的面部识别特征，用以辨别您的性别，提供人性化的问候服务。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
        

            6、美Moji功能：当您使用相机贴纸中的美Moji功能时，我们会采用美图人脸点数据技术收集您的皮肤和五官参数，用以构建您的3D形象。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。同时，该功能所收集的信息均保存在您的设备本地，不会上传至服务器，当您卸载本产品时，上述信息也将随产品一并删除。
        

            7、美图证件照功能：当您使用美图证件照功能时，为了您获得符合您标准的证件照，我们会收集您的人脸图像信息用于证件照检测与制作，我们会收集您的电子邮箱，在证件照片制作完成后，我们将通过您的电子邮箱向您发送电子版证件照片。这类信息收集后将回传至我们的服务器，我们将对人脸图像信息进行处理以便生成最终证件照，我们承诺将会定期删除处理。这类信息是为提供该功能必须收集的信息，我们会按照法律的要求，对您的该类信息在收集、传输和存储的过程中采取严格的加密措施，以确保您信息的安全。
        

            8、个性化展示服务。为了便于您更好地管理您的偏好，获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会基于收集的信息，
            对用户偏好进行特征分析和用户人群画像（该个性化推荐算法不会识别特定自然人的真实身份），
            以帮助您在产品社区中获得您更感兴趣的社区内容，或在工具素材和广告内容推荐上呈现更符合您需求的内容，
            以减少您对海量互联网内容的筛选时间。为此，我们需要收集的信息包括您的
设备识标识信息、语言及时区、使用本产品浏览器型号、您的应用列表信息
            ，其中精确的地理位置信息需要您的授权，若您拒绝授权位置权限会影响定位的准确性，我们将无法向您推送最为精确的个性化内容和广告，
            但不会影响其他功能与服务的正常使用，我们也仅会基于网络信息（如IP）对应的城市及/或区县向你展示可能相关的内容、服务和广告。
            如果您对我们的个性化展示内容或广告不感兴趣，您可以通过本协议明示的方式关闭该功能。
        

            9、我们可能收集您的网络运营商及种类、网络类型、WLAN接入点（如SSID、BSSID），以实现在广告推送过程中帮助您节省网络流量的目的，例如：当我们监测到您处于WIFI环境下，我们可能为您直接播放视频类广告内容；当我们检测您处于无网络、或弱移动网络的环境下，我们将仅为您推送您已经缓存于本地的广告内容。
        

            10、维护产品安全及时排除故障。为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及保障您的帐号安全、排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的EXIF数据、设备标识信息、操作日志信息。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
        

            11、保障帐号安全。当您在使用修改密码、安全验证、申诉行为，且操作行为存在异常时，我们可能会要求您提供有效身份信息，以确保上述操作行为的安全性。此为个人敏感信息，我们将采取严格的保密措施，并不会向第三方进行共享。
        

            12、用于互动分享和调起第三方支付等功能。如您在使用美颜美口令功能时，我们需要在本地访问您的剪切板信息，读取其中包含的美口令，以实现跳转完成会员兑换。我们仅在本地识别出剪切板信息属于美口令时，才会将其上传服务器。除此之外，我们将不会上传剪切板的其他信息至服务器。如您将美颜相机中内容分享至第三方平台时，我们会读取您的应用列表信息用以判断该第三方平台是否存在从而达成分享目的；如您使用美颜相机中支付功能时，我们也会读取您的应用列表信息用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
        

            13、医美体验馆功能。当您选择医美体验馆并使用拍照功能生成医美报告时，我们将会收集无法识别于您个人的五官参数，为您生成详细的医美体验前后对比报告。在该功能下，我们仅在服务端对相关数据进行分析并形成相应的报告，我们不会将相关数据回传至服务器，不会进行任何形式的存储，也不会将这些信息用于除此以外的任何其他目的，更不会将其提供给任何第三方。
        

            14、水印记录功能。当您选择水印记录并使用打卡功能记录您的位置信息时，在您主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的精准地理位置信息以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限，可能会影响您的正常使用，但不影响您正常使用美颜相机的其他功能。
        

            15、消息通知：我们将会向您在使用美颜相机产品或服务的过程中提供的联系方式（如：手机号码）发送一种或多种类型的通知，如产品活动及福利告知、身份验证、安全验证、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过短信中提供的退订方式或我们提供的其他方式进行退订。
        

            在您开启通知权限的前提下，我们可能向您推送您关注的用户、内容及热点推荐等，如您不希望收到上述推荐，您可在手机系统设置中关闭美颜相机通知权限。
        

您也可以通过《个人信息收集清单》快速了解我们如何收集您的个人信息。
    
（四）我们可能从第三方间接获取您的个人信息


            1、您使用第三方帐号（微博、微信、QQ）登录美颜相机时，可选择授权美颜相机在符合相关法律法规要求的前提下读取并获得您在该第三方平台上登记、公布、记录的公开信息（包括昵称、头像）。
        

            2、美颜相机需要您授权从第三方获取上述信息是为了记住您作为美颜相机用户的登录身份，以向您提供更优质的产品和/或服务。我们仅会在您的授权同意的范围内收集并使用您的个人信息。在您使用第三方帐号注册或登录后，您的第三方帐号将会与美图帐号进行绑定，但您可以在【设置—帐号管理—绑定第三方帐号】中选择“解除绑定”，进行取消帐号绑定。
        

（五）美图基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用


            1、如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供个人有效身份信息以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
        

            2、请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
        

二、我们如何使用Cookie

        为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，并向您推荐您可能感兴趣的信息，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。借助于Cookie，网站能够存储您的偏好等数据，以此帮助您免去重复填写个人信息、输入历史搜索内容等繁琐；同时我们还可能利用上述技术为您推荐、展示、推送您感兴趣的内容。您可根据自己的偏好管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有
        Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将 Cookie
        用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
    
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：


            1、在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
        

            2、在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
        

            3、在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护美图及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方。
        

            4、第三方商家。当您使用美颜相机时，您可能会浏览到由第三方商家共享的商品信息，若您对该商品有兴趣，您可以在商品页面手动输入您的姓名、电话号码、电子邮件、QQ号、微信号、性别、地址、生日（具体输入信息种类视实际页面为准）等用于商家回访的相关信息，商家将可能会对您进行回访，以便确认您的购卖意向。请您特别注意，您一旦主动输入并提交上述信息，即视为您已经同意将上述信息共享给第三方商家用于回访之目的应用，如您认为所填写信息与回访无关，您可以拒绝填写，同时，我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）不对您主动填写的信息的真实性负责，因信息不实造成的任何损失与纠纷，由您自行承担责任，与我司无关。
        

            5、与我们的关联公司共享：我们为您所提供的产品/服务大多是无法单独完成的，因此您的个人信息可能会与我司（厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司）的关联公司进行共享，我们只会在为实现向您提供本产品相关功能和服务的目的下共享必要的个人信息且受本个人信息保护政策所声明目的的约束。关联公司若要改变个人信息的处理目的，将再次征求您的同意。我们的关联公司包括：厦门美图网科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图之家科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图移动科技有限公司及其分、子公司等。我司及我司关联公司合称“美图”。
        

（二）向合作方共享个人信息


            仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们的某些服务将委托由授权的合作伙伴提供（我们会与授权的合作伙根据法律规定签署相关处理协议，并对其个人信息使用活动进行监督），如推广服务、借钱服务、游戏服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务、电商平台合作、运营商计费充值服务。美图仅提供广告合作或接入跳转服务，您需要在使用合作方产品或功能前仔细阅读合作方的用户协议和隐私政策再进行使用。仅当您主动选择使用相应功能/服务时，我们可能会向合作伙伴共享您的某些个人信息，以提供更好的客户服务和用户体验。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要和诚信原则共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对接收个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，或要求其按照我们的个人信息保护政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将接收的个人信息用于任何其他用途。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
        

            1）广告服务类合作伙伴。
            A.功能类型：广告归因。

                合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商（例如秒针）和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇）
            
使用目的： 广告主评估广告投放效果

                处理方式：
                由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主自行处理以判断广告转化的用户来源、广告转化的效果等，支撑其商业决策。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于数据隐私保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理数据，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障隐私安全。
            

                个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）： 如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
            

                个人信息类型（Android 客户端）： 如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
            
B.功能类型： 程序化广告推送

                合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇）
            
使用目的： 帮助广告主进行程序化广告推送

                处理方式：
                由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主通过自动化方式自行决策是否下发广告。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护政策的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
            

                个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）： 如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
            

                个人信息类型（Android 客户端）： 如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
            
C.功能类型： 优化广告投放效果

                合作伙伴类型： 广告主和/或其委托的代理商和/或广告联盟（例如穿山甲、腾讯优量汇）
            
使用目的： 帮助广告主提升广告投放效果

                处理方式：
                由我们共享无法直接识别用户的去身份化的数据，广告主对数据进行分析并优化其广告投放的模型、策略等，提升广告投放的效果以及用户的体验。我们要求广告主严格遵守我们关于个人信息保护的措施与要求，包括但不限于根据数据保护协议、个人信息保护政策及相关法律法规进行处理，并严格按照相关用户授权范围处理相关个人信息，避免识别出用户个人身份，保障信息安全。
            

                个人信息类型（iOS 客户端）： 如IDFA等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据
            

                个人信息类型（Android 客户端）： 如OAID等设备标识符；如曝光、点击数据等广告数据。
            
注：上文所列的IDFA均为 iOS 14.5之前版本的信息


            2）功能类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机的迪奥AI彩妆师功能时，我们会收集您使用本功能时的浏览试妆行为，并将您使用本功能所必要的个人信息（如您的设备ID、美图帐号ID、电话号码）共享给路威酩轩香水化妆品（上海）有限公司旗下Parfums
            Christian
            Dior（“Dior”），以实现您获取五官分析、妆容定制、更有针对性地向您推荐产品以及实现您购买产品、申请小样的需求，并促使其可以完成后续的售后服务等。具体请您仔细阅读Dior的《个人信息处理规则》，以了解Dior将如何收集、使用、保存并保护您的个人信息。


            3）技术支持类合作伙伴。当您使用美颜相机时，在具体功能应用场景需要合作伙伴提供相关技术支持，我们的应用中会嵌入授权合作伙伴的SDK或其他类似的应用程序。合作方浙江每日互动网络科技股份有限公司需要共享您的设备信息、软件安装列表、网络及位置信息，其目的是帮助分析您的兴趣爱好，实现更准确画像标签，从而为您提供符合您需求的信息，节省您的内容搜索时间。如您在美化图片时希望使用带有地理位置信息的水印素材，需要将您的设备标识信息和地理位置信息共享给百度地图运营方；当您使用产品中支付功能时，需要将您的唯一设备识别码共享给支付宝或微信运营方。如您使用华为/小米/魅族手机时，相关手机硬件厂商需要读取您的设备识别码、联网相关信息，用于推送/下发通知栏消息。
        

            4）运营商业务信息共享：在美图和运营商（移动、联通、电信）的合作业务中，美图可能会向运营商共享您的手机号，用于用户身份识别和会员服务购买扣费。
        

            5）游戏合作方：当您在美颜相机中使用由第三方提供的游戏业务时，我们可能会向游戏合作伙伴（游戏开发商、游戏发行商等）共享您的身份证号信息、及是否通过公安部的实名验证，以便协助游戏合作伙伴落实实名注册制度，并有效防止未成年人沉迷网络游戏。
        

            我们还可能向游戏合作伙伴共享您的付款信息，以便于游戏合作方识别充值用户，用于为充值用户进一步提供充值后的增值服务。
        

            为运行游戏之需要，或在运行游戏中请求广告参数，我们可能会向游戏合作方共享您的部分个人信息。我司合作的游戏合作方包括：北京久如技术有限公司（leto游戏），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享设备标识信息；手机QQ空间玩吧（安卓端），为满足上述目的，我司可能向该合作方共享设备标识信息。如果您不同意共享上述信息，您将无法享受到我们的游戏服务。
        

            6）钱包功能：钱包功能中的部分服务由我们的合作方提供。借钱业务由贷款服务商（如北京微聚未来科技有限公司、北京微聚智汇科技有限公司、辽宁自贸试验区（营口片区）桔子数字科技有限公司、百融云创科技股份有限公司、重庆市崇天小额贷款有限公司，根据业务发展可能会有所调整） 提供，当您使用该服务时，我们会向贷款服务商共享符合该服务所必要的个人信息，具体以您使用借钱服务时同意的《个人信息使用授权协议》为准。旧手机换钱服务由北京友传网络科技有限公司提供，我们会向其共享您的用户uid，用于快速登陆。
        

            7）技术支持类合作伙伴：为我们提供技术分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集相关个人信息用于实现其所支持的服务。同时，还有提供分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。
        



            （三）我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，您可详见
            《个人信息第三方共享目录》。

（四）委托处理

        对于委托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与受托人约定委托处理的目的、期限、处理方式、个人信息的种类、保护措施以及双方的权利和义务等，并对受托人的个人信息处理活动进行监督。
    
（五）转让

        我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
    

1、在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；

            2、在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此个人信息保护政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
        

（六）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：

1、获得您的单独同意后；

            2、基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。
        


（七）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形


        根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的授权同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。
    

1) 为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
2) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；

            3)
            为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
        

            4)
            为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
        

            5)
            依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
        
6）法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。

四、我们如何保护您的个人信息

        1、我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
    

        2、保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
    

        3、互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
    

        4、互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
    

        5、在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、推送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
    
五、您的权利

        按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
    
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息


            1、个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【编辑资料】，来对您美图帐号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像、地区、生日等进行访问和更正。
        

            2、帐号信息访问与更正——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【帐号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方帐号绑定、注销账号等信息。
        

            3、关闭定向推送——您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【自拍设置】-【个性化展示】中关闭定向推送功能（包括个性化推送素材及定向广告）。
        
4、在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：
1）处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
2) 我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
3) 您撤回同意的；
4) 我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
5) 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。


        以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从美图获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
    
（二）撤回您的授权

        如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过不同版本或操作系统中提供的撤回路径进行撤回，或通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
    

        但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
    
（三）基本模式的使用

        拍摄、图片美化、人像美容是美颜相机的基本功能。如果您仅希望使用美颜相机为您提供的编辑、调色等无需个人信息即可使用的基本拍摄、美颜功能，可选择进入基本功能模式。您在使用基本功能模式时，将无法使用完整的功能。同时，您将无法体验美颜相机为您提供的注册/登录、信息发布、互动交流、活动参与等丰富的服务。在基本功能模式下，美颜相机不会上传任何可识别到您个人的个人信息。
    
（四）注销帐户

        您可在【美颜相机】-【我】-【头像】-【帐号管理】中进行帐号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理帐号中的资产后，为您提供帐号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
    
（五）关闭个性化推荐
您可在【设置】-【通用】-【个性化选项】-【个性化内容推荐】进行。选择关闭个性化推荐时，我们将在您关闭后停止向您推送个性化内容和广告，但您收到的推荐内容和广告的总量不会变化。
（六）个人信息浏览与导出

        在帐号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【帐号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
（七）对于您的权利要求的响应

        为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
    
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：

1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；

            5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
        
6、涉及商业秘密的。

六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息

        1、我们的产品主要面向成人。除非您在使用某些特定功能（如需要实名认证的提现、钱包功能等）时，我司可通过实名认证信息判断您为未成年人外，受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发其他识别您真实年龄的产品功能。
    

        2、不满十四周岁未成年人（本政策所指“未成年人”，特指不满十四周岁的未成年人），在未获得父母或监护人同意的前提下，不应创建自己的个人信息主体帐户。如果您的年龄为14周岁以下，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务。
    

        3、对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
    

        4、如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
    

        5、如果您是父母或者监护人，对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。
    

        6、如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人的信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的《未成年人个人信息保护规则》，请您仔细阅读。
    
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移

        我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
    
八、适用法律及管辖

        本个人信息保护政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本个人信息保护政策项下争议，由被告住所地法院管辖。

九、本政策如何更新

        我们的个人信息保护政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本个人信息保护政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
    

        如本政策变更的类型涉及人信息的处理目的、处理方式和处理的个人信息种类发生变更的，我司将重新取得您的同意。
    

        若您不同意修改后的个人信息保护政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果您对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
    
十、我们的联系方式

        我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园华讯楼C区B1F-055。
    

        如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：legal@meitu.com，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市思明区软件园二期望海路6号楼2单元1-3层（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
    

十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景


        此处仅为权限相关说明，我们将可能在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，或您希望撤回授权的，您可在设备的设置功能中关闭您已授权的权限。拒绝或撤回该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。
    




APP权限


权限与获取信息描述


权限使用目的及业务场景




网络访问权限（android）


访问网络信息



                    用于下载和运行游戏。
                




电话权限


读取手机状态



                    读取手机状态，涉及到用户设备的IMEI信息，用于识别用户、保障您的帐号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒及进行用户数据统计（安装、活跃度等）、保存游戏进度（当用户选择使用第三方提供的游戏服务时）、第三方广告投放。
                




存储权限（写入）


写入外部存储


用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、视频保存到本地等的文件保存功能。




地理位置权限


接收卫星的定位信息



                    获取精确位置地理位置的权限。用于用户带有地理位置的水印、素材的获取、第三方广告投放。在用户主动同意打开地理位置权限的前提下，为满足美颜相机判断用户所在位置，达到精准提供上述服务的目的，美颜相机将会以合理频率收集您的地理位置以避免因您位置变动而导致的误判。如您不希望地理位置被收集，请您主动关闭该权限。
                




录音权限


录制声音



                    用于美颜相机的视频录制功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、电音特效相机中的拍视频功能。
                




相机权限


允许使用相机



                    用于产品的拍照、视频录制的功能：包括全身模式相机、主拍照相机、超清人像相机、大头贴、发型管家、美老师证件照相机、电音特效相机中的拍照、视频录制功能。
                




蓝牙服务


允许使用蓝牙服务


使用蓝牙权限。用于自拍杆功能。




存储权限（读取）


读取外部存储



                    读取本地图片、视频、游戏包等文件，用于帮助用户进行图片、视频美化、游戏包正常下载和存储。
                




通知权限


向用户发送通知


向用户推送平台活动、营销信息等。




未知来源安装权限（android）


允许应用程序请求安装包


用于用户下载游戏安装包




拨打电话权限（android）


允许应用程序在不通过拔号盘界面的情况下发起电话呼叫


用于直接拨打电话






隱私政策
更新日期：2020年7月7日
我們非常重視您的隱私權！

        美圖公司及其關聯控制方（「美圖」、「我們」或「我們的」）致力於保護使用者（「使用者」或「您」）的隱私權。本隱私政策（「本政策」）旨在向您說明，在您使用我們的網站和服務時，我們如何收集、儲存、使用、管理和保護您的使用者資訊（包括個人資訊）。收集途徑主要包括：www.meitu.com、www.meipai.com和www.beautyplus.com（「我們的網站」），或其他行動裝置上（如：蘋果裝置和Android裝置）提供的美圖應用程式產品（「我們的服務」），但特定美圖應用程式產品提供獨立的隱私政策的除外。
    

        請注意，本政策範圍僅限於您使用我們的網站和服務時，向美圖提交或者由美圖收集的使用者資訊（包括個人資訊）；本政策下「個人資訊」指資訊本身或與美圖能夠存取的個人的其他資訊關聯後，能夠辨識特定個人的資料，包括您的姓名、地址、電話號碼和電子郵件地址。
    

        使用我們的網站和服務，即表示您同意本政策，並同意根據本政策中規定的方式對您的使用者資訊（包括您的個人資訊）進行收集、處理、披露和分享。如果您不同意本政策及未來修訂版本的任何條款，請不要使用我們的網站和我們的服務。
    

        如您對本政策或任何隱私權相關問題有任何疑問，請透過support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com與我們聯絡，或者以掛號信方式將郵件寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    
我們收集哪些資訊

        為了向您提供我們的網站和服務，我們將在法律允許的範圍內和僅在您瀏覽網站、使用某些功能或者服務時，根據本政策規定收集您的個人資訊和使用者資訊。如果您不提供這些資訊，我們可能無法向您提供我們的產品或服務。
    
您提供給我們的資訊

        在您使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們可能會建議您註冊一個美圖帳號，以方便您充分利用我們的網站、我們的服務及其優勢。當您註冊美圖帳號時，我們會收集您所提供資訊以辨識您的身分，其中包括您的帳號名稱、行動電話號碼等註冊美圖帳號的必需資訊。在您在申請開通美拍影片直播功能時，我們將根據法律規定要求您提供本人真實有效的身分資訊（包括但不限於姓名、身分證號碼和手機號碼）以供實名認證。
    
裝置資訊

        當您在行動裝置上使用我們的服務時，我們會收集與您裝置相關的資訊，例如國際行動電話裝置識別碼（「IMEI」）、廣告識別碼（「IDFA」與「IDFV」）、積體電路卡識別碼（「ICCID」）和媒體存取控制（「MAC」）地址、裝置型號與裝置解析度，以便我們統計使用我們產品與服務的裝置數量，並進行裝置機型資料分析與圖形適配分析。
    
網路資訊

        當您在連接網際網路狀態下使用我們的網站或我們的服務時，我們會收集您所使用的電信廠商名稱與網路類型，目的是為了瞭解使用者的電信廠商和網路分布情況。此外，我們還收集連接的WIFI名稱與WIFI連接時間，以瞭解您使用服務的使用者場景。
    
位置資訊

        我們收集您的位置資訊，如國家代碼、經緯度資訊、網路位置、IP地址和系統設定國家及時區資訊。這些資訊有助於我們瞭解使用者分布和使用者使用場景，以利我們提供正確的應用程式版本及更優質的服務。除本政策另有約定外，我們不會與任何第三方分享這些資訊。如果您希望我們停止追蹤或使用具體位置資訊，您可以選擇在裝置上關閉網路、GPS功能，或者停用我們取得您網路、GPS、裝置資訊的權限。
    
記錄資訊

        當您使用我們的某些服務，包括參與、產生、瀏覽與我們的服務相關之內容時，我們將自動收集美圖應用程式產品內某些相關的記錄資訊，這些資訊包括：(1)
        關於您的使用時間與使用頻率的詳細資料；(2)
        裝置統計資訊、關鍵操作路徑、錯誤日誌、當機紀錄、語言和時區等。這些記錄資訊能夠幫助我們充分瞭解和改善服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
    
圖片資訊

        當您選擇使用我們服務中的雲美化功能時，請您理解並同意，為了向您提供該項服務並持續最佳化，我們須將您的圖片上傳至我們的伺服器處理，處理完畢後再將圖片傳回給您；在此過程中，我們還將同步收到您圖片的
        EXIF 資訊（根據裝置廠商的不同，EXIF 資訊可能包括圖片拍攝與處理時的
        GPS、裝置型號、感光度（ISO）、前後置鏡頭與建立時間資訊等），以便進一步最佳化我們的服務。
    
詮釋資料

        詮釋資料通常是與使用者內容相關聯的技術資料。簡言之，它是描述資料的資料。例如，它可以描述圖片（或同類文件）中包含的地理位置資訊及檔案建立時間，圖片中包含的粗略人物特徵和圖片中包含的內容。當您在使用我們的服務時，我們將利用照片詮釋資料為您提供更精準的「人臉辨識」、「關鍵點標記」、「區域分割」、「內容標籤」，以及由這些基礎功能組合而成的其他自訂功能。正常情況下，這些詮釋資料無法用於辨識任何特定的個人。這些詮釋資料的目的是改進服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
    
論壇資訊

        我們的部分網站或者應用程式提供面向公眾的社群論壇。請知悉，如果您在這些網站或者應用程式上公開發布了資訊，則任何可登入到該網站的使用者將可以閱讀到您的資訊，或加以收集、使用。如您自己無法將您的個人資訊從社群論壇中刪除，請聯絡我們：support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。有時候，我們可能無法刪除您的個人資訊，在這種情況下我們會告知您情況及其原因。
    
Cookie

        只在您瀏覽我們的網站時，美圖或美圖委託合作第三方會使用cookie、標籤和腳本等技術，收集記錄檔案和本機快取資訊，以用於分析趨勢、管理網站、追蹤使用者的網站活動，並收集關於整個使用者群的人口統計資訊。記錄檔案資訊可能包括網際網路協議
        (IP) 地址、瀏覽器類型、網際網路服務供應商
        (ISP)、引用/退出頁面、作業系統、日期/時間標記和點擊流資料。
    
廣告資訊

        我們可能在服務中放映廣告，並且可能出於追蹤廣告之目的來收集並使用有關您的資訊，例如您的裝置識別碼、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。這些資訊將用於建立內部使用者編號，以幫助我們更好地計數和追蹤基於語言、地理位置和其他細節的廣告。我們不會將這些資訊出售給第三方。
    
第三方服務收集的資訊

        我們提供的服務可能包括屬於我們的服務供應商之第三方追蹤工具。該第三方可能會在我們提供的服務中使用cookies、API（應用程式介面）以及SDK（軟體開發套件），藉此代表我們收集並分析使用者資訊。第三方可能會存取您的裝置識別碼、MAC（媒體存取控制）地址、IMEI（國際行動設備識別碼）、區域（使用指定語言的特定地點）、地理位置資訊及IP地址等資訊，旨在實現在其各自隱私政策下提供服務。我們的隱私政策不會覆蓋到第三方追蹤工具的使用。我們沒有權限存取或控制這些第三方。若想瞭解更多相應第三方資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。
    
使用者體驗計畫收集的資訊

        我們可能在產品中發布相應的使用者體驗計畫，旨在幫助改善產品技術與服務、提升使用者體驗。您可自行選擇參與，並且隨時退出。當您同意參與相應產品的使用者體驗計畫之後，我們將根據相應使用者體驗計畫收集您的資訊，直到您選擇退出該計畫為止。這些資訊是為了幫助我們充分瞭解和改善技術和服務，並非用於辨識任何特定的個人。
    
其他資訊

        我們還可能收集其他各類與個人沒有關聯的資訊（例如作業系統類型與版本號），以瞭解系統升級情況、系統語言以用於搭配語言、應用程式列表以瞭解使用者的興趣偏好等。收集此類資訊的目的在於改善我們所提供的服務。此外，我們的服務可能會利用蘋果的
        ARKit 和 TrueDepth
        應用程式介面中人臉映射深度相關資訊運算結果，以達到更好的人臉影像處理效果；在此期間，我們既不會將該等運算結果用於其他目的，也不會以記錄為目的，或以其他方式蒐集您的臉部映射深度為目的，擷取檔案中的任何資料或上傳資料到伺服器。中繼資料是指與使用者內容相關的技術資料，是描述資料的資料。 例如，中繼資料可以描述由電腦演算法和人工智慧生成和標記的面部特徵，性別，年齡，照片中人物的種族以及照片中包含的其他元素的分析結果。 當您使用服務時，我們將使用照片中繼資料為您提供某些功能，包括精確的“面部識別”，“關鍵特徵識別”，“區域細分”，“內容標籤”以及其他基於這些功能的自訂功能。 當我們的應用程式處理您的照片時，我們可能會使用您的照片中繼資料為您提供更合適的濾鏡和更好的照片效果； 我們還可能利用中繼資料為您提供與上下文相關的產品或服務。
    
我們如何使用資訊

        收集使用者資訊和個人資訊的目的，在於向您提供我們的產品和服務，並且保證我們遵守適用法律。在「我們收集哪些資訊」章節基礎上，我們將您的使用者資訊與個人資訊用於下列目的：
    


（一）產品服務。提供、處理、維護、改善、開發我們的網站和/或提供給您的服務，包括客戶支援，以及透過裝置或網站提供的其他服務。
        

（二）統計分析。分析和開發與我們所推出產品及服務之使用的相關統計資訊，以充分改進我們的產品和服務。
        

（三）建立您的美圖帳號。在透過我們的網站或服務建立美圖帳號時，所收集的個人資訊用於建立使用者的個人美圖帳號和資料頁。
        

（四）方便您使用論壇。與美拍、閃聊或其他美圖社群平台有關的個人資訊，可能用於個人資料頁面展示、與其他使用者互動、發布資訊。
        

（五）提供基於位置的服務。在使用我們的服務時，我們或第三方服務供應商可能會使用位置資訊，以為您提供正確版本的服務，並且提供準確的位置，以盡可能獲得最佳的使用者體驗。
        

（六）改善使用者體驗。使用者可自行選擇加入部分功能（例如使用者體驗計畫）以允許美圖分析使用者如何使用我們產品和服務的資料，進而改善使用者體驗。
        

（七）提供推播服務。美圖帳號和裝置資訊可能用於提供美圖推播服務，以評估廣告表現和軟體更新或新產品發布的通知。您可以隨時透過更改「設定」項下的偏好選項來關閉此功能。
        

（八）驗證使用者身分。帳號登入時以簡訊驗證，確保未經授權的人員無法登入；影片直播功能將驗證使用者身分，以符合適用法律要求。
        

（九）收集使用者意見回饋。您的意見回饋對於美圖極為珍貴，有助我們改進服務。為了追蹤您的意見回饋，美圖可能會使用您所提供的個人資訊與您聯絡，並保留紀錄。
        

（十）其他。儲存並維護與您相關的資訊，用於我們營運業務或履行法律義務。
        

資訊分享與披露

        我們不會將任何個人資訊出售給第三方。除非下列情形發生時，否則我們無權向第三方共享和/或披露您的全部或部分個人資訊：
    

（一）為保護他人的人身或財產安全；
（二）為防止或解決網路詐欺；
（三）維護美圖公司的合法權利及權益；

            （四）實現「我們收集哪些資訊」部分所述目的，前提條件為該等披露接收方應同等接受本政策約束，並可以提供資訊充分保護；
        

            （五）根據法律、法規的規定，或遵從政府部門、司法機關的要求；通常前述要求都是為了保護網路安全和保護我們、我們的使用者和第三方的權利、財產和安全。
        

資訊安全保障

        我們使用合理措施，以防發生資訊遺失、遭不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露等狀況。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）保護您的個人資訊。但請您理解，在網際網路行業中，即便竭盡所能加強安全措施，也不可能始終保證資訊百分之百的安全。您必須瞭解，您連接我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網路，有可能因我們可控制範圍外的因素而出現問題。
    
資訊存取與控制

        我們將採取一切合理適當的技術手段，保證您可以存取、更新和更正自己的個人資訊，或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資訊。在存取、更新、更正和刪除前述個人資訊時，我們可能會要求您進行身分驗證，以保障您的帳號安全。
    
資料保留與刪除

        受限於法律法規要求，我們將按照「我們如何使用資訊」章節或者為您提供服務的時間範圍內保留您的資訊（包括個人資訊）。如果您希望取消對於我們收集您的個人資訊之同意意願，或者不再同意我們披露由我們所收集之您的個人資訊，或者希望我們刪除您的個人資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。我們將會在收到您的電子郵件或者掛號信後的合理時間內處理您的要求，並且會根據您的要求，在此之後不再收集、使用或披露您的個人資訊。請注意，您取消同意或者刪除您的個人資訊後，可能會影響您使用某些我們的服務。
    
兒童資訊

        我們無意向13周歲（或者其他您所在地區適用法律規定的年齡）以下的人群收集或要求個人資訊。如果您低於13周歲，請不要向我們傳送您的個人資訊，包括您的名字、地址、電話號碼或者電子郵件地址。如果您認為我們可能有13周歲以下兒童任何資訊時，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    
您同意進行跨境傳輸

        您理解並同意：(i)
        我們可將根據本政策收集的資訊（包括個人資訊）儲存於中國大陸或者其他國家的伺服器上，整個過程需要資訊的跨境傳輸；和
        (ii)
        我們可能將我們收集到之您的資訊，傳送至我們關聯控制公司，或者根據本政策的跨境第三方服務供應商。請注意，上述國家和地區可能沒有與您所在國家或地區一樣的資料保護水準，您在此同意將資訊傳送至中國大陸，並且根據本政策使用和披露關於您的資訊，包括個人資訊。如果您不同意或者您想要瞭解更多資訊，請傳送電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    
適用法律

        本政策，包括但不限於本政策的訂立、效力、解釋、履行和爭議解決，均應適用中華人民共和國法律（不包括香港特別行政區與澳門特別行政區法律）。我們並未表示或者保證本政策符合任何司法管轄區的隱私權法律，因此，您不應當按照該等法律來解釋本政策。
    
本政策更新

        您同意，我們根據法律法規或者美圖商業決策相應更新本政策，您願意受修訂後政策的約束。如果涉及本政策重大變更，在必要時我們將以網站公告或者訊息推播方式做出。
    
如果您是加利福尼亞州居民

        如果您是加利福尼亞州居民，且我們在過去一年中向該第三方披露或者共享了您的個人資訊及其目錄，我們將為您提供每年免費一次的第三方清單機會。如果您是加利福尼亞州居民並且希望獲得前述第三方清單，請標明主旨為「加利福尼亞居民隱私權」的電子郵件，傳送至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，您也可以掛號信方式寄送至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    


私隱政策
更新日期：2019年6月28日
我們非常重視閣下的私隱權！

        美圖公司及其關聯控制方（「美圖」、「我們」或「我們的」）致力於保護我們用戶（「用戶」或「閣下」）的私隱權。本私隱政策(「本政策」)旨在向閣下說明，在使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們如何收集、儲存、使用、管理和保護閣下的用戶資料（包括個人資料）。收集途徑主要包括：www.meitu.com、www.meipai.com和www.beautyplus.com
        (「我們的網站」)，或其他流動裝置上（如：Apple
        裝置和Android裝置）提供的美圖應用程式產品(「我們的服務」)，而提供獨立私隱政策的特定美圖應用程式產品則除外。
    

        請注意，本政策範圍僅限於閣下使用我們的網站和我們的服務時向美圖提交或者美圖收集的用戶資料（包括個人資料）；在本政策下，「個人資料」指資料本身或美圖存取個人的其他資料聯絡後，能夠識別特定個人的資料，包括閣下的姓名、地址、電話號碼和電郵地址。
    

        使用我們的網站和我們的服務就意味著閣下同意本政策，並同意我們根據本政策中規定的方式對閣下的用戶資料（包括閣下的個人資料）進行收集、處理、披露和分享。如果閣下不同意本政策及未來修訂版本的任何條款，請不要使用我們的網站和我們的服務。
    

        如閣下對本政策或任何私隱權相關問題有任何疑問，請通過support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com與我們聯絡或者郵寄掛號信至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    
我們收集哪些資料

        為了向閣下提供我們的網站和我們的服務，我們將在法律允許的範圍內和當且僅當閣下瀏覽網站、使用某些功能或者服務時，根據本政策規定收集閣下的個人資料和用戶資料。如果閣下不提供這些資料，我們可能無法向閣下提供我們的產品或服務。
    
閣下提供給我們的資料

        在閣下使用我們的網站和我們的服務時，我們可能會建議閣下註冊一個美圖帳號，以方便閣下充分利用我們的網站、我們的服務及其優勢。當閣下註冊美圖帳號時，我們會收集閣下所提供的可識別閣下身份的資料，這些資料包括閣下的帳號名稱、流動電話號碼等註冊美圖帳號時所需的資料。在閣下申請開通美拍視頻直播功能時，我們將根據法律規定要求閣下提供本人真實有效的身份資料（包括但不限於姓名、身份證號和手機號碼）以供實名認證。
    
裝置資料

        當閣下在行動裝置上使用我們的服務時，我們收集與閣下裝置相關的資料。例如，國際移動裝置識別碼（「IMEI」）、廣告識別碼（「IDFA」與「IDFV」）、積體電路卡識別碼（「ICCID」）和媒體存取控制（「MAC」）地址、裝置型號與裝置解析度，方便我們統計使用我們產品與服務的裝置數量並進行裝置機型資料分析與圖形適配分析。
    
網絡資訊

        當閣下在連接至網絡的狀態下使用我們的網站或我們的服務時，我們會收集閣下所使用的網絡供應商名稱與網絡類型，目的是了解用戶的網絡供應商和網絡分佈的情況，此外，我們還收集接入WiFi名稱與WiFi接入時間以了解閣下使用服務的用戶情景。
    
位置資訊

        我們收集閣下的位置資料，如國家代碼、經緯度資料、網絡位置、IP地址和系統設定國家及時區資料。這些資料有助於我們了解用戶分佈和用戶使用場景，使我們可以為其提供正確的應用程式版本及更優質的服務。除本政策另有約定外，我們不會與任何第三方分享這些資料。如果閣下不再希望我們跟蹤或使用具體位置資料，閣下可以選擇在裝置上關閉網絡、GPS功能或者禁用我們獲取閣下網絡、GPS、裝置資料的許可權。
    
日誌資料

        當閣下使用某些我們的服務，包括參與、生成、瀏覽與我們服務相關的內容時，我們將會自動收集美圖應用程式產品內某些相關的日誌資料，這些資料包括：(1)閣下的使用時間與使用頻率的細節；(2)裝置統計資料、關鍵操作路徑、錯誤日誌、閃退記錄、語言和時區等。這些日誌資料能夠幫助我們更好的了解和改善我們的服務，並非用於識別任何特定的個人。
    
圖片資訊

        當閣下選擇使用我們服務中的雲端美化功能時，請閣下理解並且同意，為實現向閣下提供該項服務並作持續優化之目的，我們須將閣下的圖片上載至我們的伺服器進行處理，完成後再將處理後的圖片傳回給閣下；在此過程中，我們還將同步收到閣下圖片的EXIF資訊（根據裝置廠商的不同，Exif資訊可能包括圖片拍攝與處理時的GPS、裝置型號、感光度（ISO）、前後置鏡頭與建立時間資訊等），以供進一步優化我們的服務。
    
元數據

        元數據通常是與用戶內容相關聯的技術資料，簡而言之，它是描述資料的資料。例如，它可以描述圖片（或同類檔案）中包含的地理位置資料及建立檔案的時間、圖片中包含的粗略人物特徵和圖片中包含的內容。當閣下在使用我們的服務時，我們將利用照片的元數據為閣下提供更精準的「人臉檢測」，「關鍵點標記」，「區域分割」，「內容標籤」以及由這些基礎功能組合而成的其他個人化功能。正常情況下，這些元數據無法用於識別任何特定的個人。這些元數據是以改進服務為目的，並非用於識別任何特定的個人。
    
討論區資料

        部分我們的網站或者應用程式提供面向公眾的討論區。請知悉，如果閣下在這些網站或者應用程式上公開發布了資料，任何可登入到該網站的用戶都將可以閱讀到閣下的資料，並進行收集或使用。如閣下無法將自己的個人資料從社區討論區中刪除，請發送電郵至以下電郵地址以聯絡我們：support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。有時，我們可能無法刪除閣下的個人資料，在這種情況下，我們會將這一情況及其原因告知於閣下。
    
Cookie

        只有在閣下瀏覽我們的網站時，美圖或美圖委託合作的第三方會使用cookie、標籤和腳本等技術，收集日誌檔和本機快取資料，用於分析趨勢、管理網站、追蹤用戶的網站活動並收集關於整個用戶群的人口統計資料。日誌檔資料可能包括互聯網協定
        (IP) 地址、瀏覽器類型、互聯網服務供應商
        (ISP)、引用/退出頁面、作業系統、日期/時間標記和瀏覽網頁的歷程資料。
    
廣告資料

        我們可能在服務中放映廣告並且可能出於追蹤廣告目的收集並使用有關閣下的資料，例如閣下的裝置識別碼、MAC地址、IMEI、地理位置及IP地址。這些資料將用於創建內部用戶編號以幫助我們更好地計數和追蹤基於語言、地理位置和其他細節的廣告。我們不會將這些資料出售給第三方。
    
第三方服務收集的資料

        我們提供的服務可能包括屬於我們的服務供應商的第三方追蹤工具。該第三方可能會在我們提供的服務中使用cookies、APIs（應用程式介面）及SDKs（軟體開發套件），由此代表我們收集並分析用戶資料。第三方可能會存取諸如閣下的裝置識別碼、MAC（媒體存取控制）地址、IMEI（國際移動裝置識別碼）、區域（使用給定語言的特定地點）、地理位置資料及IP地址等資料，旨在於其各自私隱政策下提供服務。我們的私隱政策不會覆蓋到第三方追蹤工具的使用。我們沒有許可權訪問或控制這些第三方。如果閣下想知道更多相應第三方資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com。
    
用戶體驗計劃收集的資料

        我們可能在我們產品中發布相應的用戶體驗計劃，旨在幫助改善產品技術與服務、提升用戶體驗。閣下可選擇參與並且隨時退出。當閣下同意參與相應產品的用戶體驗計劃之後，直至閣下選擇退出該計劃之前，我們將根據相應用戶體驗計劃收集閣下的資料。這些資料是為了幫助我們更好的了解及改善我們的技術和服務，並非以識別任何特定的個人為目的。
    
其他資訊

        我們還可能收集其他各類與個人沒有關聯的資料。例如，作業系統類型與版本以了解系統升級情況、系統語言以用於語言適配、應用清單以了解用戶的興趣偏好等。收集此類資料的目的在於改善我們向閣下提供的服務。此外，我們的服務可能會利用蘋果的
        ARKit 和 TrueDepth
        應用程式介面中人臉映射深度相關資訊運算結果，以達到更好的人臉影像處理效果；在此期間，我們既不會將該等運算結果用於其他目的，也不會以記錄為目的，或以其他方式蒐集您的臉部映射深度為目的，擷取檔案中的任何資料或上傳資料到伺服器。
    
我們如何使用資料

        收集用戶資料和個人資料的目的在於向閣下提供我們的產品和服務，並且保證我們遵守適用法律。在「我們收集哪些資料」章節的基礎上，我們將閣下的用戶資料與個人資料用於下列目的：
    


            （一）
            產品服務。提供、處理、維護、改善、開發我們的網站和/或提供給閣下的我們的服務，包括客戶支援，以及通過裝置或網站提供的其他服務。
        

            （二）
            統計分析。分析和開發與我們產品及我們的服務的使用相關的統計資料，以更好地改進我們的產品和服務。
        

            （三）
            創建閣下的美圖帳號。在通過我們的網站或我們的服務建立美圖帳號時所收集的個人資料將用於建立用戶的個人美圖帳號和資料頁面。
        

            （四）
            方便閣下使用討論區。與美拍、閃聊或其他美圖社區平台有關的個人資料可能被用於個人資料頁面展示、與其他用戶互動、發布資料。
        

            （五）
            提供基於位置的服務。在使用我們的服務時，我們或第三方服務供應商可能會使用位置資料以為閣下提供正確版本的服務，並且提供準確的位置，以獲得最佳的用戶體驗。
        

            （六）
            改善用戶體驗。某些選擇性加入功能，例如用戶體驗計劃，允許美圖分析用戶如何使用我們產品和服務的資料，以改善用戶體驗。
        

            （七）
            提供推送服務。美圖帳號和裝置資料可能用於提供美圖推送服務，以評估廣告表現和軟體更新或新產品發布的通知。閣下可以隨時通過更改「設定」項下的偏好選項來關閉此功能。
        

            （八）
            驗證用戶身份。登入帳號時短訊驗證，確保未經授權的人員無法登入；視頻直播功能驗證用戶身份，以符合適用法律要求。
        

            （九）
            收集用戶意見。閣下的意見對協助美圖改進服務而言極為珍貴。為了跟進閣下的意見，美圖可能會使用閣下所提供的個人資料與閣下聯絡，並保留記錄。
        

            （十）
            其他。儲存並維護與閣下相關的資料，用於我們營運業務或履行法律義務。
        

資料分享與披露

        我們不會將任何個人資料出售給第三方。除非發生下列情形，否則我們無權向第三方共用和/或披露閣下的全部或部分個人資料：
    

（一） 為保護他人的人身或財產安全；
（二） 為防止或解決網絡欺詐；
（三） 維護美圖公司的合法權利及權益；

            （四）
            實現「我們收集哪些資料」部分所述目的，前提條件為該等披露接收方應同等接受本政策約束並可以提供資料充分保護；
        

            （五）
            根據法律、法規的規定，或遵從政府部門、司法機關的要求；通常前述要求都是為了保護網絡安全和保護我們、我們的用戶和第三方的權利、財產和安全。
        

資料安全保障

        我們使用合理措施，以防資料的丟失、不當使用、未經授權閱覽或披露。例如，在某些服務中，我們將利用加密技術（例如SSL）來保護閣下的個人資料。但請閣下理解（在互聯網行業）即便竭盡所能加強安全措施，也不可能始終保證資料百分之百安全。閣下需要了解，閣下連接至我們的服務所用的系統和通訊網絡，有可能因我們可控範圍外的因素而出現問題。
    
資料存取與控制

        我們將採取一切合理適當的技術手段，保證閣下可以存取、更新和更正自己的個人資料或使用我們的服務時提供的其他個人資料。在存取、更新、更正和刪除前述個人資料時，我們可能會要求閣下進行身份驗證，以保障閣下的帳號安全。
    
數據保留與刪除

        受限於法律法規要求，我們將按照「我們如何使用資料」章節或者為閣下提供服務的時間範圍內保留閣下的資料（包括個人資料）。如果閣下希望撤銷同意收集、使用、披露我們收集的閣下的個人資料或者希望我們刪除閣下的個人資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。我們將在收到閣下的電郵或者掛號信後的合理時間內處理閣下的請求，並且會根據閣下的請求，在此之後不再收集、使用、披露閣下的個人資料。請注意，閣下撤銷同意或者刪除閣下的個人資料後，可能會影響閣下使用我們的某些服務。
    
兒童資料

        我們無意向13周歲（或者其他閣下所在地區適用法律規定的年齡）以下的人群收集或請求個人資料。如果閣下低於13周歲，請不要向我們發送閣下的個人資料，包括閣下的名字、地址、電話號碼或者電郵地址。如果閣下認為我們可能有13周歲以下兒童的任何資料時，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    
閣下同意進行跨境傳輸

        閣下理解並同意:(i)我們可將根據本政策收集的資料（包括個人資料）儲存於中國大陸或者其他國家的伺服器上，整個過程需要資料的跨境傳輸；和(ii)
        我們可能將我們收集到的閣下的資料傳送至我們關聯控制公司或者根據本政策的跨境第三方服務供應商。請注意上述國家和地區可能沒有與閣下所在國家或地區一樣的資料保護水平，閣下同意將資料傳送至中國大陸並且根據本政策使用和披露關於閣下的資料，包括個人資料。如果閣下不同意或者閣下想要了解更多資料，請發送電郵至support@meitu.com或者
        legal@meitu.com，閣下也可以郵寄掛號信至「美圖公司 -
        法務部」，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    
適用法律

        本政策，包括但不限於本政策的訂立、效力、解釋、履行和爭議解決，均應適用中華人民共和國法律（不包括香港特別行政區與澳門特別行政區法律）。我們並未表示或者保證本政策符合任何司法管轄區的私隱權法律，因此，閣下不應當按照該等法律來解釋本政策。
    
本政策更新

        閣下同意，我們根據法律法規或者美圖商業決策相應更新本政策，閣下願意受修訂後政策的約束。如果涉及本政策重大變更，在必要時我們將以於網站公告或者推送相關資料。
    
如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民

        如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民，而我們在過去一年中向該第三方披露或者共用了閣下的個人資料及其目錄，我們將於每年為閣下免費提供一次第三方清單機會。如果閣下是加利福尼亞州居民並且希望獲得上述第三方清單，請發送主旨為「加利福尼亞州居民私隱權」的電子郵件至support@meitu.com或者legal@meitu.com，閣下也可以郵寄掛號信至：美圖公司-法務部，地址為香港柯士甸道西1號環球貿易廣場81樓8106B室。
    




