






Chic Privacy Policy




Privacy Policy
Version:1.0
Last Modified: 2019.07.18
Your privacy is important to us.
Meitu (China) Limited ("Meitu", "we", "us" or "our") is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our users ("users" or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is meant to explain our practices regarding how we collect, store, use, manage and protect your user information (including your personal information) as a controller during your use of Chic application including all its features (the "Services").
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited solely to your user information (including your personal information) collected or received by Meitu when you are using the Services. In this Policy, "personal information" refers to any information or combination of information that can be used to identify, contact or locate an individual to whom the collected information pertains. Such personal information may include your name, gender, phone number, email address, date of birth, images, geo-location, personal identity number, identifiable biological information, and financial information (such as credit card or bank account number, WeChat Pay or Alipay account information).
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THIS POLICY AND THE COLLECTION, USE, PROCESSING, RETENTION, DISCLOSURE AND SHARING OF YOUR USER INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY OR ANY SUBSEQUENT CHANGES TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SERVICES.
Please note that it is mandatory for you to provide certain categories of data (as specified at the time of collection). In the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able to complete the registration process or provide you with our Services. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Policy, all capitalized terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. So, please make sure that you have read and understand our Terms of Service.
If you have any questions regarding this Policy or any privacy-related matters, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at compliance@meitu.com, by phone at 6568127888 ,or via registered mail at 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong(attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In order to provide and improve the Services, Meitu will collect and process your personal information and user information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not provide this information, we may be unable to provide you with our products or Services.You should ensure that all personal information and user information submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Failure on your part to do so may result in our inability to provide you with all or some of the Services.
The Information You Provide to Us
Mobile Device Information
When you use our Services on your mobile device, we will collect information about your device, including its International Mobile Equipment Identity ("IMEI"), Unique Device Identifier (“UDID”), Identifier for Advertising ("IDFA") and Identifier for Vendor ("IDFV"), Integrated Circuit Card Identifier ("ICCID"), Media Access Control ("MAC") address, the type of device you use, operating system version, and resolution, which will be used by us for statistical and/or analytical reasons, including without limitation to improve our technical functionality, server load-balancing, analysis of technical data relating to your mobile device so as to optimize the Services and graphics adaptation.
We may send you push notifications on your mobile device from time to time. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off from your mobile device.
As stated below in the “Location Information” section, we may collect your location-based information from your mobile device if you choose to share it with us. If you subsequently wish to stop sharing Location Information, you may do so at any time by editing the relevant setting on your mobile device.
Mobile Analytics
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand and improve the functionality of our Services. Such software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from.
Network Information
When you use the Services, we will collect information about the network you use, including the name of the operator and the type of network, so as to understand the distribution of operators and networks used by our users. In addition, we will collect information such as the name of the WiFi network to which you connect, the location of the WiFi network, and the duration of your WiFi connection to understand the environment under which you prefer to use our Services. We may use such information to provide customized services, for example to provide you with location-based advertising through push-notification.
Location Information
We will collect your Location Information, including the country code, latitude and longitude, network location, IP address and the system country and system time zone recorded on your device. This information will help us understand user distribution and usage scenarios and allow us to provide users with the correct version of our apps, the reappearance of the geo-location or the publishing of the real-time geo-location where you take any photos or shoot any videos, send relevant advertisements to you, and improve the Services. Unless we obtain your consent, location data WILL NOT BE ACQUIRED or USED to identify you individually. Except as otherwise provided in this Policy, we will not share this Location Information with any third parties. If you no longer wish to allow us to collect or use such information, you may turn off your Internet access or GPS, or disable our access to information about your network, GPS and device. Please note that we may still continue to receive some Location Information, such as your Network Information, IP address and system time zone, as a result of you using the Services.
Log Information
When you use some of the Services, including generating and browsing certain content, we will automatically collect certain relevant log information stored in Chic ("Log Information"). Log Information may include (i) details on when and how often you use the Services, (ii) device statistics, including critical operation paths, errors, crashes, language and time zone. This Log Information is used to improve the Services and is NOT USED to identify our users individually.
Image Information
By choosing to use the cloud editing feature of our service, you understand and agree that we must upload your photos to our server for processing before returning processed photos to you for the purposes of providing such service to you and continuous optimization and that we will also receive the EXIF data about your photos (EXIF data may contain GPS coordinates where photos were taken and processed, equipment type, ISO and information about the front and rear cameras and creation time, depending on the equipment manufacturer) for the purpose of further optimizing our Services, such as providing a better match of photo effects to your equipment.
Metadata
Metadata refers to technical data associated with user content. Put simply, metadata is data that describes data. For example, metadata can describe the analysis results of facial features, gender, age, race of the characters in photos and other elements contained in photos, which are generated and tagged by the computer algorithm and artificial intelligence. When you use the Services, we will use photo metadata to provide you with certain features including precise "Facial Recognition", "Key-Points Recognition", "Region Segmentation", "Content Tags" and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features. We may use your photo metadata to provide you with more suitable filters and better photo effect when our apps process your photos; we may also make use of the metadata to serve up a more contextually relevant products or services to you.
Cookies
When you are using the Services, Meitu or a third party designated by Meitu will use cookies, tags and scripts to collect information for the purposes of analyzing trends, managing the Services, tracking users activity on the Chic and collecting demographics on the user base. Information collected may include information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, your operating system, dates and timestamps, and clickstream data.
Advertising
We and our third-party service providers may include advertisements within our Services, and may collect and use information about you such as your device identifier, geographic location and IP address for the purpose of delivering and tracking these advertisements. We will use this information to help us better count and track advertisements based on language, geographic location and other details. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, you may opt out as your device permits. For more information, please contact us at compliance@meitu.com. Please note you will continue to receive generic ads after you opt out of interest-based advertising.
Information Collected by Third Party Services
Our Services provided to you may contain our service provider’s Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) or Software Development Kits (SDKs), which may have tracking tools of such service providers. These third parties may use cookies, APIs and SDKs on our Services and collect and analyze user information. In addition, some third party SDKs may allow advertisers to collect information in order to provide content that is more relevant to you. Third parties may access your information such as your device identifiers, region (defined as the location where a given language is used), location information and IP address under their respective privacy policies. If you want to know more about such third parties, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.com.
User Data Supplementation
We may receive information about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, and combine this data with information we already have about you. This helps us to update, expand and analyze our records, identify new customers, and provide products, services, and advertising that may be of interest to you. If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Examples of the types of personal information that may be obtained from public sources or purchased from third parties and combined with information we already have about you, may include: Purchased marketing data about our customers from third parties that is combined with information we already have about you, to create more tailored advertising and products.
If you provide us any personal information of any third party, you shall obtain the consent of such third party for the collection, use and disclosure thereof by Meitu in accordance with these purposes. You further represent and warrant that in relation to any such third party personal information that you provide, you have obtained such consent for such collection, use and disclosure by Meitu.
Other Information
We may also collect other information which is not related to your identity. For example, we may collect information on the type and version number of your operating system to better understand system upgrades, we may collect information on your system language for the purpose of language adaptation, and we may collect your App list to understand user preferences. If we choose to collect such information, we will do so for the purpose of improving our Services provided to you. In addition, our Services may utilize calculation results of ARKit from Apple in relation to depth of facial mapping information, in order to achieve better facial image processing effect.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
In addition to the uses listed above, we collect and use your user information and personal information for the following purposes:

Services.To provide, process, maintain, improve and develop our Services provided to you, including customer support, and other services provided through our products.
Statistical analysis.To develop and analyze statistics on the use of our products and Services for the purpose of improving our products and our Services.
To provide location-based services.When you use our Services, we or third party service providers may take advantage of your location information to provide you with advertising, the correct version of our Services and help you gain good user experience.
To improve user experience.Certain optional features such as user experience programs allow Meitu to analyze data regarding the use of our products and our Services and improve user experience.
To provide push services.Device information may be used by us to provide push services to assess the performance of adverts and the success of software updates, or provide notifications on new product releases.
To collect feedback from you.Your feedback is of great value in helping Meitu improve our Services. To keep track of your feedback, Meitu may use the personal information provided by you to contact you and retain the records.
Other purposes.We will collect, store, maintain and use information about you for purposes under the “The Information We Collect”, and for purposes of running our operations, pursuing our legitimate interests (e.g., direct marketing, research (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention), and satisfying our legal obligations.

INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We will not sell any personal information to third parties. We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. These services may include:

Providing you with advertising;
Payment processing;
Providing customer services;
Sending marketing communications;
Fulfilling subscription services;
Conducting research and analysis; and
Providing cloud computing infrastructure.

We will not share with or disclose to third parties (other than our service providers) your personal information in whole or in part except for the purposes of:
(i)protecting the security of others or their property;
(ii)preventing or dealing with fraud;
(iii)safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of Meitu;
(iv)taking action in line with our purposes as described in the "The Information We Collect" or the “How We Use Information” sections;
(v)complying with laws and regulations or requests by government departments, judicial authorities, law enforcement, or private parties, which are typically designed to uphold Internet security and the rights, property and safety of us, our users and third parties; and/or
(vi) evaluating or completing a transaction where we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or other event where your information may be sold or transferred.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES
The Services may contain links to other websites and services. In addition, other websites and services may reference or link to our Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and Meitu does not endorse or make any representations about third party websites or services. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and service with which they interact. Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We will take reasonable measures to prevent the loss, improper use of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of information. For example, some of our Services will use encryption techniques (such as SSL) to protect your personal information. However, you understand and accept that (in the Internet industry) even though we take reasonable security measures, we cannot always guarantee that your information is 100% secure. You understand and accept that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure. Further, you understand and accept that the system and communication network used by you to access our Services may fail due to factors beyond our control.
INFORMATION ACCESS AND CONTROL
We will take all reasonable and appropriate technical measures to ensure that you can access, update and correct your personal information or other personal information provided to us by you when using our Services. Before you access, update, correct or remove such personal information, we may verify your identity.
DATA RETENTION AND CORRECTION, UPDATE AND DELETION
Subject to applicable laws and regulations and the fulfillment of our business or legal purposes, we will retain your information (including your personal information) for such period as is required for us to continue to provide you with our Services. If you wish to withdraw your authorization to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, exercise your rights under GDPR or other applicable laws, or wish us to correct, update or delete your personal information, you may send an email tocompliance@meitu.comor mail your request to 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong(attention: Legal Department, Meitu). We will process your request in line with applicable laws within a reasonable period of time after receiving your email or mail, and will cease collecting, using and disclosing your personal information thereafter, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. Please note that if you withdraw your consent or delete your personal information, your use of some of our Services may be affected.
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
We will not knowingly collect or request personal information from children under 13 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your region). If you are under 13, please do not send your personal information to us, including your name, address, phone number or email address. If you believe we may have any information about children under 13, you may send an email to compliance@meitu.comor send a registered mail to8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong(attention: Legal Department, Meitu). If we learn that we have collected personal information from children under 13 (or any other age stipulated by law applicable to your region), we will promptly take steps to delete such information.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
You understand and agree that all information collected via or by Meitu may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, mainland China, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates, or the servers of our service providers, in order to provide the Services.
GOVERNING LAW
This Policy is established, comes into force, and will be enforced and interpreted under the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any disputes arising hereunder will also be resolved in accordance with the Terms of Service. We do not represent or warrant that this Policy complies with the privacy law of any jurisdiction. Therefore, you should not interpret this Policy in accordance with such law.
AMENDMENTS TO THIS POLICY
You agree that we may update this Policy according to relevant laws and regulations or based on Meitu’s business decisions, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions hereto. We will post any significant changes to this Policy on Chic or notify you by other means as required by law.
 
IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA
If you are a resident of California, every year we will provide you free of charge with an opportunity to obtain a list of third parties to which we have disclosed or with whom we have shared your personal information for their direct marketing purposes during the previous year. If you are a resident of California and wish to obtain this list, you may send an email with the subject "The right to privacy of a California resident" to compliance@meitu.com or send a registered mail to 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong(attention: Legal Department, Meitu).
FOR USERS IN JAPAN
Right to data disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use
If you are in Japan, as a data subject, you have the right to request the disclosure, correction, erasure or suspension of use of your personal data, and we are obliged to meet your request without undue delay. You may send your request by email to compliance@meitu.com or by mail to 8106B, Level 81, International Commerce Centre, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong (Attention: Legal Department, Meitu).


个人信息保护政策
最新修改日期：2022年4月27日
厦门美图网科技有限公司及其关联方（即“我们”）作为Chic的运营者，会严格按照法律的规定，保护您的个人信息以及隐私安全，本隐私政策(“本政策”)旨在向您说明，在使用Chic APP（以下称“产品”或 “服务”）时，您应了解的内容：
下文将帮您详细了解我们如何收集、存储、使用、传输、提供、公开披露与保护个人信息；帮您了解查询、删除、复制、转移个人信息的方式。其中，有关你个人信息权益的重要内容已用 加粗斜体形式示，在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
一、我们如何收集、存储、使用您的个人信息
二、我们如何使用Cookie
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
五、您的权利
六、我们如何处理儿童的个人信息
七、您的个人信息如何再全球范围内转移
八、适用法律及管辖
九、本政策如何更新
十、我们的联系方式
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
我们非常重视对您的个人信息的保护，我们也致力于维持您对我们的信任，我们承诺将按业界普遍适用的安全标准，采取相应的安全保护措施来保护您的个人信息。但需要特别说明的是，本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的产品或服务。如果您使用第三方提供的产品或服务，请关注第三方产品或服务的用户协议及隐私政策。
在使用我们的产品和服务前，请您务必仔细阅读并充分了解本政策。
一、我们如何、存储和使用您的个人信息
（一）注册、登录及使用美图帐号
1. 在您使用本产品和服务时，我们建议您注册一个美图帐号，以更加充分地使用本产品和服务的全部功能；为此，您需要提供手机号码（用于实名认证）并创建密码、昵称。
2. 关于美图帐号
美图帐号可登录、使用美图公司旗下各APP（包括但不限于美图秀秀、美拍、美颜相机、海报工厂等），为满足您一致的服务体验，在您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时且自主选择使用已注册的美图帐号的，该美图帐号将会同步您的昵称、头像、地区、性别等您自主填写的公开信息等。如您不希望上述内容被同步，请您在登录美图公司旗下其他APP时选择其他注册、登录方式。
（二）向您提供网络安全及运营安全保障
为保障您的帐号、网络、运营及系统安全，预防钓鱼网站欺诈及木马病毒，在您使用本产品的过程中，我们可能会收集您的设备信息，包括不可变更的设备标识信息（指由设备制造商编入到设备以对其进行标识的一串字符，Android如IMEI、AndroidID、OAID、IMSI、ICCID、GAID、MEID，iOS如IDFV、IDFA，本政策中所指的“设备标识信息”均同本定义）硬件序列号、MAC地址。请您理解，当您将处于设备屏幕中的Chic APP切换至后台运行时，由于部分设备机型及系统原因，您此前使用Chic 相关功能而产生的信息收集行为，可能无法立即停止，从而将导致短暂的后台信息收集行为。
（三）向您提供相关产品功能和/或服务
您同意Chic的《用户协议》和本《隐私政策》后，即可以使用Chic的相关产品功能和/服务。为实现以下各项产品功能和/或服务，我们可能需要向您收集相对应的个人信息，若您拒绝提供，则无法使用该等特定服务，但不影响您正常使用Chic的基本产品功能及服务。
1、  客户服务。当您通过【设置】-【意见反馈】/【联系我们】向Chic提起投诉、进行咨询或申诉时，为了方便与您联系或帮助您解决问题，我们可能需要您提供电子邮件或其他有效的联系方式等个人信息。 如您拒绝提供上述信息，我们可能无法向您及时反馈相关处理结果。
2、  崩溃排查与UI适配。为维护我们服务的正常运行，以及排查产品故障、改进及优化我们的服务，我们会收集您的设备型号信息及设备分辨率。这类信息是为提供服务必须收集的信息，收集后即作去标识化处理，不会用于识别任何特定的用户。
3、  用于调起第三方支付等功能。如您使用Chic中支付功能时，我们会读取您的应用列表信息用以判断该第三方支付应用是否存在以完成支付功能。
4、  消息通知：接收产品、服务、营销或调查问卷信息。为更好地让您了解美图的产品和相关服务，我们将会向您的手机发送我们的产品、服务、营销信息或向您进行相关的问卷调查。但如果您不想接收我们给您发送的此类信息，您可通过我们提供的其他方式进行通知权限的关闭。在您开启通知权限的前提下，我们可能向您发送您感兴趣的内容等，如您不希望收到上述发送，您可在手机系统设置中关闭Chic通知权限。
5、  iOS人脸优化处理效果。我们的服务可能会利用iOS的 ARKit 和 TrueDepth 应用程序接口中人脸映像深度相关资讯运算结果，以达到更好的人脸影像处理效果；在此期间，我们既不会将该等运算结果用于其他目的，也不会以记录为目的，或以其他方式搜集您的脸部映像深度为目的，撷取档案中的任何资料或上传资料到服务器。
您也可以通过《个人信息收集清单》快速了解我们如何收集您的个人信息。 
（四）美图基于其它特别情况对您的个人信息的使用
1、  如果您认为您的相关权利遭受侵犯，您可通过我们对外公布的联系方式提起投诉、举报。在此过程中，我们将要求您提供个人有效身份信息以核实投诉、举报的真实性。
2、  请您理解，我们向您提供的功能和服务是不断更新和发展的，如果我们要将您的个人信息用于本政策未载明的其它用途，或基于特定目的将收集的信息用于其它目的，我们将以合理的方式（例如页面提示、交互流程、网站公告等）向您告知，并在使用前再次征得您的同意。
二、我们如何使用Cookie
为保证网站正常运行，为帮助您获得更轻松的访问体验，我们会在您的计算机或移动设备上存储名为Cookie的小数据文件。Cookie通常包含标识符、站点名称以及一些号码及字符。您可根据自己的意愿管理或删除Cookie，您也可以清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie。有关详情，请参见AboutCookies.org。我们不会将Cookie用于本政策所述目的之外的任何用途。大部分网络浏览器都设有阻止Cookie的功能，您可以通过浏览器设置选项清除计算机上保存的所有Cookie，但如果您这么做，可能会导致您在每一次访问我们的网站时都需要亲自更改用户设置。
三、我们如何传输、共享、公开披露您的个人信息
（一）共享
我们不会与任何公司、组织、个人分享您的个人信息，但以下情况除外：
1）  在获取明确同意的情况下共享：获得您的明确同意后，我们会与其他方共享您的个人信息。
2）  在法定条件下共享：我们可能会根据法律法规规定、诉讼争议解决需要、按照政府主管部门或司法机关依法提出的强制要求，对外共享您的个人信息。
3）  在法律要求或允许的范围内，为了保护厦门美图网科技有限公司及其用户或社会公众的利益、财产或安全免遭损害而有必要提供您的个人信息给第三方；
4）  与我们的关联公司共享：您的个人信息可能会与我司（厦门美图网科技有限公司）的关联公司进行共享，我们只会在为实现向您提供本产品相关功能和服务的目的下共享必要的个人信息且受本隐私政策所声明目的的约束。关联公司若要改变个人信息的处理目的，将再次征求您的授权同意。我们的关联公司包括：厦门鸿天创视科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图之家科技有限公司及其分、子公司；厦门美图宜肤科技有限公司及其分、子公司等。我司及我司关联公司合称“美图”。
（二）向合作方共享个人信息
1、  与授权合作伙伴共享：仅为实现本政策中声明的目的，我们将委托由授权的合作伙伴提供（我们会与授权的合作伙根据法律规定签署相关处理协议，并对其个人信息使用活动进行监督）。如推广服务、产品分析服务、技术支持服务。我们可能会与合作伙伴共享基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。我们仅会出于合法、正当、必要、特定、明确的目的共享您的个人信息，并且只会共享提供服务所必要的个人信息；同时，对我们与之共享个人信息的公司、组织和个人，我们会与其签署严格的保密协议，要求其按照我们的隐私政策以及其他任何相关的保密和安全措施来处理个人信息。我们的合作伙伴无权将共享的个人信息用于任何其他用途。如果您拒绝我们的合作伙伴在提供服务时收集或使用为提供服务所必须的个人信息，将可能导致您无法使用该第三方服务。我们仅会选择国内管理规范的主流数据供应商。我们的合作伙伴包括以下类型：
2、  技术支持类合作伙伴：当您使用Chic相机时，为我们提供技术支持的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集相关个人信息用于实现其所支持的服务；同时，还有提供分析服务的合作伙伴，会向我们的用户收集基于其信息安全规则完成去标识化处理的少量个人信息，以帮助我们统计产品用户分布、评估产品推广效果。
（三）)我们与第三方共享的个人信息的具体种类和目的，您可详见《个人信息第三方共享目录》
（四）转让
我们将不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：
1、  在明确获得您的同意的前提下，我们会向其他方转让您的个人信息；
2、  在涉及合并、收购或破产清算时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会在要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织等主体继续接受此隐私政策的约束，如果本政策约定的个人信息的收集、处理方式、使用目的等发生改变，我们将要求该公司、组织等主体重新向您征求授权同意。
（五）公开披露
我们仅会在以下情况下，收集或公开披露您的个人信息：

1. 获得您明确的同意后；
2. 基于法律法规、司法机关或行政主管部门的强制性要求，我们可能会披露您的个人信息。

（六）依法不经授权处理个人信息的情形
根据相关法律法规的规定，在以下情形中，我们可以在不征得您的同意的情况下处理您的个人信息。

A. 为订立、履行您作为一方当事人的合同所必需；
B. 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需；
C. 为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护您的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
D. 为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
E. 依照相关法律规定在合理的范围内处理个人自行公开或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息；
F. 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。

四、我们如何保护您的个人信息
1. 我们已使用符合业界标准的安全防护措施保护您提供的个人信息，防止数据遭到未经授权访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。我们会采取一切合理可行的措施，保护您的个人信息。例如，在您的浏览器与“服务”之间交换数据时受SSL加密保护；我们对产品提供的配套Web服务提供HTTPS安全访问方式；我们会使用加密技术确保数据的保密性；我们会使用受信赖的保护机制防止数据遭到恶意攻击；我们会部署访问控制机制，确保只有授权人员才可访问个人信息；以及我们会举办安全和隐私保护培训课程，加强员工对于保护个人信息重要性的认识。
2. 保存期限：我们只会在达成本政策所述目的所需的期限内保留您的个人信息，除非法律法规有强制的留存要求，例如《中华人民共和国电子商务法》要求商品和服务信息、交易信息保存时间自交易完成之日起不少于三年；例如《网络安全法》要求按照规定留存相关的网络日志不少于六个月。我们判断个人信息的存储期限主要参考以下标准并以其中较长者为准：完成与您相关的服务所需保留的必要期限；应对您可能的查询或投诉；保证我们为您提供服务的安全和质量；您是否同意更长的留存期间；是否存在关于保留期限的其他特别约定或法律法规规定。对于超出期限的个人信息，我们会立即删除或做匿名化处理。
3. 互联网并非绝对安全的环境，而且电子邮件、即时通讯、及与其他用户的交流方式并未加密，我们强烈建议您不要通过此类方式发送个人信息。请使用复杂密码，协助我们保证您的账号安全。
4. 互联网环境并非百分之百安全，我们将尽力确保或担保您发送给我们的任何信息的安全性。
5. 在不幸发生个人信息安全事件后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已采取或将要采取=的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。我们将及时将事件相关情况以邮件、信函、电话、发送通知等方式告知您，难以逐一告知个人信息主体时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照监管部门要求，主动上报个人信息安全事件的处置情况。
五、您的权利
按照中国相关的法律、法规、标准，我们保障您对自己的个人信息行使以下权利：
（一）访问、删除、更正您的个人信息
1、  个人信息访问和更正——您可以通过【Chic】-【设置】-【账号管理】-【头像】，来对您美图帐号中的个人信息、昵称、性别、头像、地区、生日等进行访问和更正。
2、  帐号信息访问与更正——您可在【Chic】-【设置】-【帐号管理】中访问或更换您绑定的手机号、修改密码、登录记录、第三方帐号绑定、注销账号等信息。
在以下情形中，您可以向我们提出删除个人信息的请求：

A. 处理目的已实现、无法实现或者为实现处理目的不再必要；
B. 我们停止提供产品或者服务，或者保存期限已届满；
C. 您撤回同意的；
D. 我们违反法律、行政法规或者违反约定处理个人信息；
E. 法律、行政法规规定的其他情形。

以上删除请求一旦被响应，我们还将同时尽可能通知从美图获得您个人信息的主体，要求其及时删除相应信息，除非法律法规另有规定，或者这些主体获得您的独立授权。当您从我们的服务中删除信息后，我们可能不会立即从备份系统中删除相应的信息，我们将会在备份更新时删除这些信息或者实现匿名化处理。
（二）撤回您的授权
如果您希望撤销同意我们收集、使用和披露您的其他个人信息或者希望我们更正、更新或删除您的个人信息，可通过本政策中的联系方式与我们联系。我们将会在收到您的电子邮件或者挂号信后的合理时间内处理您的请求并停止收集、使用和披露您的个人信息。
但请您理解并同意，当您撤回某些授权时，将导致与之相关的产品功能不可用，我们无法继续为您提供撤回同意或授权所对应的特定功能和/或服务，并且您撤回授权的决定不会影响此前基于您的授权而开展的个人信息处理。
（三）注销帐户
您可在【Chic】-【设置】-【帐号管理】中进行帐号注销。我们将在验证您的身份并清理帐号中的资产后，为您提供帐号注销服务。您注销成功后，我们将停止为您提供产品或服务，并根据适用法律的要求删除您对应的个人信息或作匿名化处理。
（四）个人信息浏览与导出
在帐号登录情况下，如果您需要浏览您的个人信息或希望导出您的个人信息副本，您可在【设置】-【帐号管理】-【美图安全中心】-【个人信息浏览与导出】中申请个人信息副本的提取，您提交申请后，我们将会在24小时内发送至您指定的邮箱。
（五）对于您的权利要求的响应
为保障安全，在您提出上述权利主张时，您可能需要提供书面请求，或以其他方式证明您的身份。我们将在验证您的身份后再处理您的请求。一般情况下，我们将在【15】天内做出答复。对于您合理的请求，我们原则上不收取费用，但对多次重复、超出合理限度的请求，我们将酌情收取一定费用。对于与您的身份不直接关联的信息、无端重复信息，或者需要过多技术手段（例如，需要开发新系统或从根本上改变现行惯例）、给他人合法权益带来风险或者不切实际的请求，我们可能会予以拒绝。
在以下情形中，按照法律法规要求，我们将无法响应您的请求：

1、与国家安全、国防安全有关的；
2、与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益有关的；
3、与犯罪侦查、起诉、审判和执行判决等有关的；
4、有充分证据表明个人信息主体存在主观恶意或滥用权利的；
5、响应您的请求将导致您或其他个人、组织的合法权益受到严重损害的；
6、涉及商业秘密的。

六、我们如何处理未成年人的个人信息
1、 我们的产品主要面向成人，但是受限于本产品特性，我司并未开发识别您真实年龄的产品功能。但是我们特别重视未成年人的个人信息的保护。如果您为14周岁以下的未成年人，在使用我们的产品和/或服务前，请您务必在监护人的陪同下阅读本政策，并确保已征得您的监护人明确同意后，再使用我们的服务并向我们提供您的个人信息。
2、 对于经监护人同意使用我们的产品或服务而收集未成年人个人信息的情况，我们只会在法律法规允许、监护人明确同意或者保护未成年人所必要的情况下处理此信息。
3、 如果您的监护人不同意您按照本政策使用我们的服务或向我们提供个人信息，请您立即终止使用我们的服务并及时通知我们。
4、 如果您对您所监护的未成年人使用我们的产品/服务或其向我们提供的用户信息有任何疑问时，请您及时与我们联系。
5、 如果我们发现在未获得监护人同意的情况下收集了未成年的个人信息，则会设法尽快删除相关未成年人个人信息。同时，为保护未成年人个人信息安全，我们设置了专门的《未成年人个人信息保护规则》>，请您仔细阅读。
七、您的个人信息如何在全球范围内转移
我们会按照法律法规的规定，将中华人民共和国境内（以下简称“中国”）收集的用户个人信息存储于中国境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，当确有必要向境外传输的情形发生时，我们将会遵循国家相关法律规定进行评估、认证，并取得您的单独同意。
八、适用法律及管辖
本隐私政策适用中华人民共和国大陆地区法律。本隐私政策项下争议，由被告住所地法院管辖。
九、本政策如何更新
我们的隐私政策可能会根据业务的调整、法律法规或政策的变化而适时变更。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您按照本隐私政策所应享有的权利。本政策更新后，我们会发出更新版本，并在更新后的条款生效前通过私信、通知、公告或其他适当的方式提醒您更新的内容，以便您及时了解本政策的最新版本。
若您不同意修改后的隐私政策，您有权并应立即停止使用我们的产品和/或服务。如果对本政策的更新存在疑义，请您及时通过本政策公示的联系方式与我方联系。
十、我们的联系方式
我公司为在中华人民共和国境内成立的【厦门美图网科技有限公司】，注册地址：厦门火炬高新区软件园创新大厦C区3F-A1106。
如果您对本政策内容有任何疑问、意见、建议或进行申诉，您可通过以下方式联系我们：请发送电子邮件至个人信息保护专员：legal@meitu.com，也可以挂号信方式寄送至：中华人民共和国厦门市思明区软件园二期望海路6号楼2单元1-3层（收件人：美图公司-法务部）。
十一、附录：权限申请及应用场景
此处仅为权限相关说明，我们将在您使用特定产品功能时，向您申请使用该功能所必须的权限，如您不同意开启该权限，请点击“不允许”，拒绝该权限的申请仅将影响您对特定产品功能的使用。我们在此向您列举产品将可能收集的权限类型及其使用目的。




APP权限


权限与获取信息描述


权限使用目的及业务场景




相册权限


访问本地相册


用于将用户拍摄完毕的图片、视频保存到本地等的文件保存功能。




录音权限


录制声音


用于Chic的视频录制功能。




相机权限


允许使用相机


用于产品的拍照、视频录制的功能；




通知权限


向用户发送通知


向用户发送平台活动、营销信息等








