




隐私策略和用户声明


隐私策略

本软件指 哈友安全辅助驾驶 第三方客户端软件（以下称本软件）。

本软件重视用户隐私，本软件尊重并保护所有使用服务用户的个人隐私权。为了给您提供更准确、更有个性化的服务，本软件会按照本隐私权政策的规定使用和披露您的个人信息。

除本隐私权政策另有规定外，在未征得您事先许可的情况下，本软件不会将这些信息对外披露或向第三方提供。本软件会不时更新本隐私权政策。您在同意本软件服务使用协议之时，即视为您已经同意本隐私权政策全部内容。本隐私权政策属于本软件服务使用协议不可分割的一部分。

1. 适用范围
在您注册本软件帐号时，您根据本软件要求提供的个人注册信息；

在您使用本软件网络服务，或访问本软件平台网页时，本软件自动接收并记录的您的浏览器和计算机上的信息，包括但不限于您的IP地址、浏览器的类型、使用的语言、访问日期和时间、软硬件特征信息及您需求的网页记录等数据；

本软件通过合法途径从商业伙伴处取得的用户个人数据。 您了解并同意，以下信息不适用本隐私权政策：

您在使用本软件平台提供的搜索服务时输入的关键字信息；

本软件收集到的您在本软件发布的有关信息数据，包括但不限于参与活动、成交信息及评价详情；

违反法律规定或违反本软件规则行为及本软件已对您采取的措施。

2.信息使用
本软件不会向任何无关第三方提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息，除非事先得到您的许可，或该第三方和本软件（含本软件关联公司）单独或共同为您提供服务，且在该服务结束后，其将被禁止访问包括其以前能够访问的所有这些资料。

本软件亦不允许任何第三方以任何手段收集、编辑、出售或者无偿传播您的个人信息。任何本软件平台用户如从事上述活动，一经发现，本软件有权立即终止与该用户的服务协议。

为服务用户的目的，本软件可能通过使用您的个人信息，向您提供您感兴趣的信息，包括但不限于向您发出产品和服务信息，或者与本软件合作伙伴共享信息以便他们向您发送有关其产品和服务的信息（后者需要您的事先同意）。


我们将用到以下功能提供相应服务：
摄像头：获取路面、车辆图像
获取手机信息：调整部分软件设置
读取或写入手机存储:读写设置数据

无需注册也可使用，无需注销个人信息，不需要填写手机号及姓名地址等。
也不需要联网。


3.信息披露
在如下情况下，本软件将依据您的个人意愿或法律的规定全部或部分的披露您的个人信息：

经您事先同意，向第三方披露；

为提供您所要求的产品和服务，而必须和第三方分享您的个人信息；

根据法律的有关规定，或者行政或司法机构的要求，向第三方或者行政、司法机构披露；

如您出现违反中国有关法律、法规或者本软件服务协议或相关规则的情况，需要向第三方披露；

如您是适格的知识产权投诉人并已提起投诉，应被投诉人要求，向被投诉人披露，以便双方处理可能的权利纠纷；

在本软件平台上创建的某一交易中，如交易任何一方履行或部分履行了交易义务并提出信息披露请求的，本软件有权决定向该用户提供其交易对方的联络方式等必要信息，以促成交易的完成或纠纷的解决。

其它本软件根据法律、法规或者网站政策认为合适的披露。

4. 信息存储和交换
本软件收集的有关您的信息和资料将保存在本软件及（或）其关联公司的服务器上，这些信息和资料可能传送至您所在国家、地区或本软件收集信息和资料所在地的境外并在境外被访问、存储和展示。

5. Cookie的使用
在您未拒绝接受cookies的情况下，本软件会在您的计算机上设定或取用cookies ，以便您能登录或使用依赖于cookies的本软件平台服务或功能。本软件使用cookies可为您提供更加周到的个性化服务，包括推广服务。

您有权选择接受或拒绝接受cookies。您可以通过修改浏览器设置的方式拒绝接受cookies。但如果您选择拒绝接受cookies，则您可能无法登录或使用依赖于cookies的本软件网络服务或功能。

通过本软件所设cookies所取得的有关信息，将适用本政策。

6. 信息安全
本软件帐号均有安全保护功能，请妥善保管您的用户名及密码信息。本软件将通过对用户密码进行加密等安全措施确保您的信息不丢失，不被滥用和变造。尽管有前述安全措施，但同时也请您注意在信息网络上不存在“完善的安全措施”。
在使用本软件网络服务进行网上交易时，您不可避免的要向交易对方或潜在的交易对方披露自己的个人信息，如联络方式或者邮政地址。请您妥善保护自己的个人信息，仅在必要的情形下向他人提供。如您发现自己的个人信息泄密，尤其是本软件用户名及密码发生泄露，请您立即联络本软件客服，以便本软件采取相应措施。


拒绝
同意


	用户协议


尊敬的用户，请您仔细阅读以下条款，如果您对本协议的条款存在异议，您可以选择不使用哈友安全辅助驾驶短视频APP。使用则表示您同意本协议下的全部条款。


	遵守法律及法律效力


会员同意遵守《中华人民共和国保密法》、《计算机信息系统国际联网保密管理规定》、《中华人民共和国计算机信息系统安全保护条例》、《计算机信息网络国际联网安全保护管理办法》、《中华人民共和国计算机信息网络国际联网管理暂行规定》及其实施办法等相关法律法规的任何及所有的规定，并对会员以任何方式使用服务的任何行为及其结果承担全部责任。


	用户说明


用户不得利用本服务制作、上载、复制、发布、传播如下法律、法规和政策禁止的内容：




反对宪法所确定的基本原则的；




危害国家安全，泄露国家秘密，颠覆国家政权，破坏国家统一的；




 损害国家荣誉和利益的；




 煽动民族仇恨、民族歧视，破坏民族团结的；




 破坏国家宗教政策，宣扬邪教和封建迷信的；




 散布谣言，扰乱社会秩序，破坏社会稳定的；




 散布淫秽、色情、赌博、暴力、凶杀、恐怖或者教唆犯罪的；




 侮辱或者诽谤他人，侵害他人合法权益的；




不遵守法律法规底线、社会主义制度底线、国家利益底线、公民合法权益底线、社会公共秩序底线、道德风尚底线和信息真实性底线的“七条底线”要求的；




含有法律、行政法规禁止的其他内容的信息。




如果用户出现以上情况一种或几种，将承担关闭全部权限，禁止使用的后果。


    内容版权声明


用户所有上传内容均需为原创内容，不得上传任何侵犯其他视频作者版权的内容，哈友安全辅助驾驶产品运营方将承担内容审核和过滤，由版权侵犯引发的纠纷与 App Store 无关。

拒绝
撤回同意
同意


发送邮件
Privacy Policy

This software refers to the third-party client software (hereinafter referred to as the software).

The software values ​​user privacy and the software respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the Software will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Software will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. This software will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Software Services Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the Software Service Use Agreement.

1. Scope of application
The personal registration information you provide in accordance with the requirements of this software when you register your software account;

The information on your browser and computer that is automatically received and recorded by the Software when you use the Software Network Service or access the Software Platform webpage, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used. Data such as access date and time, hardware and software feature information, and web page records you need;

The user's personal data obtained by the software from a business partner through legal means. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:

Keyword information that you enter when using the search service provided by the software platform;

Information about the information you have collected in the software, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

Violation of the law or violation of the rules of the software and the measures that the software has taken against you.

2. Information use
The Software does not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and the software (including the software affiliate company) provide you with separate or joint efforts. The service, and after the service is over, will be barred from accessing all of the material that it has previously been able to access.

The Software also does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information in any way. Any user of this software platform who engages in the above activities, once found, the software has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.

For the purpose of serving the User, the Software may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest to you, including but not limited to, to send you product and service information, or to share information with the Software Partner so that they may send you Information about its products and services (the latter requires your prior consent).

3. Information disclosure 
The Software will disclose your personal information in whole or in part in accordance with your personal wishes or the law in the following circumstances:

Disclose to third parties with your prior consent;

To provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;

Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial authorities;

If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or the software service agreement or related rules, you need to disclose it to a third party;

If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the respondent at the request of the complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;

In a transaction created on the software platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and requests for information disclosure, the software has the right to decide to provide the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty. Facilitate the completion of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.

Other disclosures that the Software considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

4. Information storage and exchange
The information and materials collected by the Software about you will be stored on the Software and/or its affiliates' servers, which may be sent to your country, region or the location where the Software collects information and materials. It is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.

5. Use of cookies
In the event that you do not refuse to accept cookies, the Software will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the software platform services or features that rely on cookies. The use of cookies by this software can provide you with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services.

You have the right to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the software network services or features that rely on cookies.

This policy will apply to information obtained through the cookies set by the Software.

6. Information Security
This software account has security protection function, please keep your username and password information safe. The software will ensure that your information is not lost, not abused or altered by security measures such as encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect security measures” on the information network.
When using the software web service for online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially if the user name and password of the software are leaked, please contact the software customer service immediately, so that the software can take corresponding measures.



	User Agreement


 Dear users, please read the following terms carefully. If you disagree with the terms of this agreement, you may choose not to use the zhanying Smart exhibition infomation flow short video app. By using, you agree to all terms and conditions under this Agreement.


Compliance with legal and legal effects


Members agree to abide by the "People's Republic of China Secrecy Law", "Computer Information System International Network Security Management Regulations", "People's Republic of China Computer Information System Security Protection Regulations", "Computer Information Any and all provisions of the relevant provisions of the "International Network Security Protection Management Measures", "Interim Regulations on the Administration of the International Network of Computer Information Network of the People's Republic of China" and its implementation methods, and any use of services by members in any way and The result bears full responsibility. 


User description


Users may not use the Service to create, upload, reproduce, publish, or distribute content prohibited by the following laws, regulations, and policies:




Responding to the basic principles established by the Constitution;




Tangering national security, revealing state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;




 Damage to national honors and interests;




 Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;




 Destroy the country’s religious policy and promote cults and feudal superstitions;




 Dissemination of rumors, disrupting social order and undermining social stability;




 Disperse obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetment;




 Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others;




Do not comply with the bottom line of laws and regulations, the bottom line of the socialist system, the bottom line of national interests, the bottom line of citizens' legal rights, the bottom line of social public order, the moral bottom line and the bottom line of information authenticity. "required;




Information containing other content prohibited by law or administrative regulations. 




If the user has one or more of the above, it will bear the consequences of turning off all permissions and prohibiting use. 


    Content copyright notice


All uploaded content of the user must be original content, and no content that infringes the copyright of other video authors may be uploaded. The operator of the zhanying Smart exhibition infomation flow will undertake content review and filtering. The disputes caused by the infringement are not related to the App Store. 

Not Agree
Agree


Send to email


